squares. The name cards were white, with a gold monogram, and Miss Roosevelt was  seated opposite’the window. The menu in cluded grape fruit, salted almonds, chicken bouillon, fillet black bass, sweetbreads, asparagus, stuffed Philadelphia squab, lettuce and mayonnaise; strawberries in frozen cream, assorted cakes, coffee, sherry with the fish, and sauterne with the sweetbreads.  The guests were seated, with Mr. Markham at one end and Mrs. Markham at the other. Miss Roosevelt sat next to Mr. Markham, the others in the party being Mr. Hugh McK. Jones, Miss Emily Wickham, Ralph McKittrick, Miss Perkins of Boston, who is the guest of Mrs. Howard Eliott; Mr. Catlin, Mr. Dwight Davis, Miss  Irene Catlin, Walter McKittrick and Miss “Warder, who came.from Washington with Miss Roosevelt. : Visits Roof Garden.  ' The guests were at the table for two | hours, and afterward went to the roof gar' den to get a view of the grounds. Mrs. George D. Markham took a photograph of  the party.  Entering the spider with Mr. Catlin, Miss Roosevelt drove to the Philippine reservation, holding the lines over ‘the spirited horses. Quite a little party met her, Mr. and Mrs. Dan Catlin, Sr., Mrs. McKittrick Jones, Miss Frances Wickham and Mr. Charles Moore. Mr. Herbert Stone and Dr. Wilson were at the entrance with Capt. Williamson.  The striking feature of the escort was the band of Igorrotes of' the Bontoc tribe, which greceded the dainty little lady on her short walk to the Philippine administration huilding. No greater contrast could he caonceived than she in her white gown and the naked savages,  The Igorrotes began one of their weird dances as the party took seats on the veranda. Chief Antonio approached Miss Roosevelt, and laid an offering In her lap. The little lady was all excitement ai once.  “Oh, what is it?” she exclaimed, as she looked curiously at the bundle. It was explained that the funny Iittle basket-like affair was a hat and the other article a blanket.  “T'll try them on as soon as I get home,” she declared. Some one suggested that?she be photographed in them,  The dance was followed by a sham battle.  “O, isn't it fine!’’ she exclaimed again and again, as some telling shot was made. Just as she was clapping her hands delightedly  Miss Roosevelt looked behind her and recognized Representative Nicholas Longworth of Ohio.  “Hello, Nick,” she cried, as she gave him her hand over the heads of those who stood between them.  The village of the Negritos was visited and Miss Roosevelt was much interested in the queer little dried-up looking creatures and especially in the small woman.  Sees Marriage Machine,  What interested her more than anything Was the marriage machine. This is an inclined plane.upon which the Filipino s with the lady whom he desires to pac  “If he gets to the top with her he wins her,” said the guide, “but if he fails——”  “The wedding is off,” interrupted Miss Roosevelt, with a joyous laugh, and then she tried to persuade Mr. Walter McKittrick to try it himself and even went so far as  to dare him to do it. Mr. McKittrick declined to make the attempt. atin _ “O, I just love monkeys,”’ exclaimed Miss Roosevelt, as she beheld one of the creatures perched in a tree.  By this time the crowd had become so great that it was almost impossible to move and the party tried a ruse by going into the theater of the Filipino midgets for a few minutes. When they emerged the crowd was still waiting and followed Miss Roosevelt and her party to the parade ground of the Filipino constabulary. There they watched the maneuvers and stood at a respectable distance from the automobile in” which Miss Roosevelt sat. _, 7  When the band played the “Star-Spangled Banner’ Miss Roosevelt rose in the automobile with the others and the crowd had the opportunity to see the graceful girl.  A visit was made to the parade ground of the Filipino scouts, and by this time the rest of the party began to be very tired.  Mr. Longworth was with |the party, and as he stood beside Miss Roosevelt an officer came up to pay his respects. Mr. Longworth turned away and took a seat beside Mr. Dan Catlin, Sr., in the row of chairs placed for them. Miss Roosevelt looked at the backs of  the + big and began to wish she had a chair, toc, for she descended from the automobile, | and immediately several gentlemen were offering to escort her to a seat. Mr. Long-. worth offered Miss Roosevelt his chair. She | took it and he procured one next to her. 