5 te ee eS . 3 * RAILROADS. ¢ + ad ba y PES Ha ote 6, VP Tere ee eeeGos lentes oe tontonsostoes oeoelescoeeseess “aha Ota NPM a ta rte SUCCEEDS HILLEARY 4 WORLD'S FAIR MANAGEMENT MAKES PROVISION FOR THE CLOSING DETAILS ON THE GROUNDS. rr aa ies Sie, ee Oe Pied ae %% eB 5 eee 7 Sis ii Y en a 2  gameaae Sa, Sinseoel — <a ; 4 Re 4 te Be 3 os v ite...” 2 Gees aco minem : i ee Sai es Be Cae hy sx a tee st % tad ‘ ee a) *: L4% tse ii OR oe iohes ba iS Bias Sh RIES a, se i RE See aes eps Restr8y b : 5 ed TERE RC Ee eee | EEE J. M. ALLEN.  Mr. J. M. Allen has been appointed traf fic manager of the World's Fair, succeed ing Mr. «. L. Hilleary, who resigned to return to the Big Four as assistant general passenger agert, with headquarters here. Mr. Allen has been vice president and general manager of the General Service company, which position he has tilled with great credit. He is in every way well qualified for the duties incumbent upon him in his new position For nearly iu year longer the services of the traffic manager will be in great demand at the air grounds, and the new appointee is familiar with every detail of the transportation and traffic departments, He enters upon his new duties at once.  ST. LOUIS TERMINAL MEETING HELD IN CINCINNATI.  CINCINNATI, OHIO, October 28 At the meeting here to-day of the proprietary interests of the Terminal railroud association of St. Louis, plans were considered for extensive terminal improvements at St. Louis that will be submitted to interested parties in New York, to which city President Ingalls and others go to-night. The executive committee discussed financial matters at some length at the meeting here.  Among those present at the meeting were Chairman Julius Walsh, President W. S. McChesney and Secretary C. A. Vinnedge of St. Louis: President M. E. Ingalls, General Manager C. KE. Schaff and Secretary E. F. Osborn of the Big Four; James McCrea, vice president of the Pennsylvania company: V. T. Malott, receiver of the Terre Haute and IndianapOlis division of the Vandalia; S. M. Felton, president of the Chicago and Alton; E. B. Pryor of the Wabash; A. J. Davidson, dct of the Frisco system; Henry  iller of the Burlington.  During the afternoon the officials made a minute inspection of the immense new freight warehouse erected this vear by the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern, and it is hinted that a similar warehouse to be used as a freight clearing house is planned for St. Louis. The officials were much pleased with the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern warehouse and its modern appointments.  _ The necessary financing details of the improvements were partially arranged for. These funds will also be used in part to pay for improvements already completed. Neither the nlans for the improvements nor the arrangements for funds could be finally discussed by those attending the meeting.  Mexican Central Statement.  The following statement of earnings of the Mexican Central for September and since July 1, the beginning of the fiscal year, was issued yesterday from the general offices: *  SEPTEMBER.  1904 1903. Increase Gross earn_inga—.........$1,921,422 16 $2,020,346 05) ....,..+3, Operating ex  penses ...... 1,280,188 41 1,570,544 52 Miele ox  Net earnings. $521,235 75 $449,801 53 $81,432 22 SINCE JULY 1, 194. 1904. 1903. Increase. Gross earn ings .. «+s $0,; 088.181 56. $6,076,003 29 ...-civcece Qyperating ex penses ...... 4,226,300 % 4.871.836 75 .......-05. Net earnings.$1, 661,830 60 $1,204,166 54 $457,664 93  19 19g Operated miles current month. .3,154.75 2,806.88  The gross and net earnings for September .would have been very much larger than they actually were had it not been for the loss of the bridge, #00 feet long. over the San Pedro river, about fifty-seven miles south of Chihuahua, on September 7, by reason of an extraordinary flood The main line was broken tn two in consequence until September 27, a period of twenty days.  Chicago-St. Louis Time Cut Down. frre. DisPatcn TA THE GLIBE-DrMocRA2 CHICAGO, ILd.., October 28.—The management of the Chicago and Eastern ILlinois has decided to shorten the running time of the Chicago-St. Louis trains from a half hour to one hour, placing both trains on an elicht-hour schedule. The change will be made on Sunday, and the announcement regarding it comes at the same time with an announcement that the Alton and the Wabash roads are to lengthen the time of their day trains, returning to the old eight-hour schedule. The reduction in the time of the Pastern Tllinois trains is due to greatly improved eccondition of track and roadbed on the new portion of the double track, and to a desire to make better connections with Wastern ana Western roads at Chicago. Ry the shortening of the schedule, close connection out of Chicago will be made with the morning trains from the West and Northwest and with the night trains from the Kast.  St. Louis Line Election.  TOPEKA, KAN., .October Y8,—The board of directors of the St. Louis. KanBis City and Coldrado railroad, the St. Louis line of the Rock Island system, heid a meeting in this city to-day. Robert Mather was elected to succeed L. F. Loree as chairman of the board; BG. lL. Winchell was re-elected president, John Stevens vice president. W. P. Kennett secretary. Georvre H. Crosby treasurer ann assistant secretary and C. F. Jilson assistant treasurer. No other business was tranvacied.  a Se Changes on the Rock Island. Srectat DisPatcu To THe GLORE-DeMocRaT.  CHICAGO, ILL.. October 28.—More changes in the operating department of the Rock Island have been announced. W. E. Warren has been appointed trainmaster of the sixth subdivision, with jurisdiction from Rock Island to Eldon, headquarters at Eldon. E. H. Dennis is made trainmaster of the seventh subdivision, with jurisdiction Eldon to Trenton, vice M. McKernan, transferred. H. L. Reed has been appointed cratomastet of the eighth subdivision, with headqua ters at Brenten. Cc. M. White is made chief dispatcher of the Missouri division, with headquarters at Trenton. BE. Watson becomes chief_train dispatcher at Trenton, vice C. M. White, promoted. Opening of Gould Line Extension. See Manager Sullivan of the Missouri Pacific-Iron Mountain announced yesterday that on Monday next the Farmerville and Southern railroad will be open for business. The following stations have bee located: Felsenthal, Little Rock and Memphis connection, 5.71 miles; Cecil, 8.89; Marion, 13.95; Farmerville, 27.37; end of track, 28.30.  Terminals for Mobile and Ohio. SPECIAL DisPATCH TO THE GLOBE-DEMOCRAT. MOBILE, ALA., October 28.—Announcement was made to-day that the Mobile 1 Ea i SIN a ESL an ORAS LED PUM RE. cease miiey 