MANUFACTURES TO GIVE PRESENTS AWAY TO-DAY DAY WILL BE OBSERVED WITH ORIGINAL AND INTERESTING FEATURES.  This. ie to be Manufacturers’ day at the World's Fair. It will be characterized by fome of the most original events the Exposition has ever seen. Five thousand visitors will leave the grounds the posfessors of valuable and useful articles, the presents of the exhibitors in the palaces of Manufactures and Varied Industries, and one visitor will have the privi-_ lege of selecting a gift worth $500. }  The feature of the day will be the great country circus to be held on an elevated poem in the center of the Plaza St.  ouis. Here there will be hundreds of | performers, twenty skillful clowns and cores “of trained animals. First of all | will be the parade. Every circus starts with a parade. and this one will consist of the a Chinese village. headed by their curious band. They will start at the west end of the palace of Varied Industries, march through it; across the Plaza St. Louis and make a tour of the palace of Manufactures,  To Give a Circus.  At 3 o’clOck: the first event will take place on the platform. This performance Will consist of-acrobatic and equilibristic acts of every kind. At 4 o'clock an Oriental caravan will wind its way around the broad plaza. Bedouin shicks on the backs of dromedaries will brandish their long rifles ay esto 3% ——{n howdahs on shuffling @tephants. Hourls riding camels will smile at Moors on curvetting Barbary stallions. Flutes will squeal, kettle drums will hoom, donkey boys will yell and everything will be*distinctly Oriental. °  From 5 to 5:30 p. m. a motley horde of savages wiil have possession of the platform.” President Franais and Director of Exhibits Skiff. with other officials of the Exposition, will witress the savage con| gress, and when it is over will make a tour of the palaces of Manufactures and Varied Industries, accompanied by Milan H. Hulbert, chief of the department, and prominent exhibjtors. The hour between 6 and 7 p. m. will see a performance by  five trained elephants on the platform. The pachyderms will yield the platform to the two companies of Uncle Sam’s marines quartered on the Exposition grounds.  Masqueraders on Plaza.  At 7:30 p. m. the drills will be over and the plaza will be turned over to a throng of fantastic masqueraders. They will hold atsolute sway, dancing. laughing, singing and pelting each other with confetti, until &:50 p. m. Then the wearers of the best costumes from different points of view wil! receive liberal cash prizes. After the award the maskers will all go dawn The Pike. This will keep the festivity of |the day alive-and vigorous until the gates of the Exposition close at midnight. Following is the list of judges who will award the prizes in the masque carnival: Edward Woodward, Capt. C. H. Conrad, &. Lacy Crawford, Jerry Hunt and Russ Samuels.  To-day. in addition to being Manufacturers’ day, will also be Bohemian day and National Cash Register day, both of which occasions will be celebrated so “as to-lend added interest. 