keep him out, a the boardi:.g house is also Ty Be inbers out there. After the World’s Fair the boarding house will be much more in evidence than ever before, and so will some other things; saloons, for instance, It all reminds me of a sermon. I heard preached a few years ago by a man who knew what he was talking about and wasn’t afraid to tell what he knew. He was going after the heads of families who run away from the vice of & great city instead of usin their power. as citizens and voters to curb such -vices and hold them within bounds, ‘You cowards,’ said he, ‘whs run away from the enemy of your homes need not think that the enemy will not follow you, He may wait awhile, and ovespy the ground: from which you have retreated, but as soon as he needs it in his business he will march jee the country Arde are now ocoupyint and drive you out of it. I tell you, you will|have to move gain and again, until at ae you -come to the place where you can go no farther, and there you will have etther to surrender or put. your back to the wall an Oe eS I have fhougtt of that on a great ere times within the past rey fe ars, when this or hoi? part of the West da has been pepoaine for relief and} | bape none, and this trouble of Cabanne brings it up still more freshly to my mind. | { ie  “Tt is the proximity of the World's Fair, which is changing things in Cabanne now,” said the|man who knows it all, ‘by bringing things in there for profit which were never there before. and which will not linger long after the Fair closes its gates.”  “I wish I could be sure of it,’’ said the sudge. “I live out there, because I am one of the cowards who ran away from vice. I have run away twice in the last twenty years, but now I am beginning to feel like putting my back to the wall and fighting, as that preacher did, for I don’t see where 1 could go to now. But I wish I could feel sure that the ‘az we dislike so much In Cabanne woul move away -after the World’s| Fair. But I am afraid some of them will stay.’’  “One thing you will have more numerous-_ ly and more rmanently,” Said the rounder, “will the boarding house.”  Wiis 22 224 zi 