label it in big letters, ‘‘This catsup fs itively noncolored’’—would sell more than those fellows who make it brick red. Japan continues to sell off her display as ye as if conducting a church fair— mig t raffle what is am os love a raffle—only way sport can be Introduced we Wy "er" © i aM Wy Aa Vv me 3 € 4 Awad GZ) > = rs eh a eee Sogs [Ma WO hp ae i= WV ad Q 4 os pet DM \.Q S EMS ww) X Z | m8 Raw LDA (ass || —) \ PA | R(t \ Te t . ‘ SORE 25 > A scu | eK” SS of |) um» i ¢ Giz... att ) | at . ) SS : rly , OWA) (hs. @er ~ O20 Next improvement for China. into commercial life. Chilly air is made warm in ie pf of mercury vapor tubes —that form of electricity ought to furnish heating for houses—electrical heating has | been much talked of—why don’t we get it instead of still clinging to the coal hod? Had curious walk through the sanitariums—people experimenting on extraordiHewod 3 machinery for ang something to their “nerves.’””’ My idea for curing people with “nerves” is to get their minds off of them—nobody has nervous prostration when there is an earthquake going on, circus AMES ye ae passing by, hailstorm breaking all the glass or the house ds on igiveed of excitement and occupa| tion of mind is cure for people who have too much time to think about “‘nerves’’— they ought to join the Japanese army. |North Carolina furnishes best kaolin in United States—but it has to be taken to East Liverpool, Ohio, to be made into pottery cant get potteries started in North Carolina—why? Climate is pleas-anter than at East fiver pool. That letter from Shaperor. of China, hand-painted on yellow silk, big. as table cloth, presented | to President of United States by Li Hung Chang, will make Chinese smile at themselves twenty-five years from now—Chi-namen like Mr. Wu already smile at it— by that time emperor of China will send ‘his communications in envelope with | stamps on it, like any other sensible man -—if there Is any China. In California they raise a kind of fig which they started from importations from Smyrna—so they call them Calismyrna figs—twice as large as the original Smyrna product and not so much sand in them—always had to Swallow part of the desert when you got Asian figs. Louisville got bronze statue of Daniel Boone, by Miss Enid Tandell, shown in Varied Industries building—alware recognize Boone by coonskin cap and rifle—never was any other representation of him—three were inseparable.  After looking through the mineral exhibits you will begin to feel that after Wyoming, Colorado and Idaho get fairly  | started Pernsylvania will scarcely be in is as a mining state. Kentucky is a state of great men; no better evidence is needed than the wrecked condition of some of the rocking chairs on the porches. See the word “sold’’ on some of the ornamental trees: hope to see it on the big “exhibit palaces after St. Louis is done with them. ‘  . Forest park squirrels have appeared on the hillside near the Art gallery. They have heard that this World’s Fair that has annoyed them aH summer is going to move out in about six weeks.  What is that line ofpeople extending as far over toward the western limits of the Fair ground as the live stock exhibit? That is the queue that has formed at the ticket window of Festival hall for admission to an organ recital.  Most of those chrysanthemums in the Japanese garden den’t look like they were going to come in under the wire by Deceinber 1:  An apparatus “adjustable to any size of grave” is conspicuous. Who gays the World’s Fair is given up to giddy hilarity?  Banana trees are still towering in the flower clumps on the 15th of October— which fact is offered as a testimonial of the salubrious climate of St. Louls.  Daily military drills around the Peace | monument are a suggestion that after all Peace rests on a platform of bayonets.  Busts of the kings and emperors in the banquet hall at Charlottenburg castle are unlabeled, but there is no mistake about Frederick the Great—and Wilhelm the Great.  Missouri is making another notable contribution to music; pipes in pipe organs are new being made of zinc. Re H.C. |  ee a ee ee 