OVER 300 REPRESENTATIVES OF GERMANIC RACES IN ATTENDANCE.  The opening session of the Germanic congress, under the auspices of the National German-American alliance, was held in the hall of Congresses at the World’s Fair at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. Over 300 representatives of various Germanie races, some of the delegates coming from Europe to attend the congress, were present.  Yesterday's session was one of the most unique meetings yet held at the World's Fair. The National German-American allianee unitee nearly all the German. 80cieties of America. Its aim is to organize all American citizens of German descent to eultivate acquaintance with the German language and literature, and GermanAmerican history; to further the mutual understanding and relations between Germany and America and between al] the Germanic races. It is for this purpose thal the congress is in session at the Exposition grounds.  Many Nations Represented.  The project of a Germanic congress was outlined at the convention of the Satonal German-American alliance in Baltimore in ad ae pirat 1908. © ae Was extended to the Germanists of all lands, to specialists in os oe in German, Enelish, Swedish, Danish, Dutch and other | Germanic languages and literature, and also to the members of ethnological and ethnographieal societies to participate In the congresses. All organizations of the various Germanic races were invited to send the jargeet possible delegations, and almost all of these were represented at yesterday's meeting.  The arnaseee was ppence by the president of the National German-American alliance, Dr. C. J, Hexamer of Philadelphia. He dwelt on the importance oF a congress of Germanic races at this time when all such races are at peace and in| harmony of interest. His address closed with the introduction of the permanent |. chairman of the congress, Prof. Marion | D-xter Learned cf the university of Pennsylvania. é  Prof. Learned made an address in which ; he spoke of the feelings now entertaine : tby alt nations of the world for each other, | the quarters where war was to be expected and the mission of the United States | in the establishment of universal peace. He was followed by the chairman of the German section, Prof. Dr. Oto Heler of Washington university, who spoke in German.  Prof. A. A. M&Donald of Oxford untversity, England, was to have follawed, representing the English-speaking races, but had not arrived in St. Louis from a tour of Canada. Nicolay A. Grovstad of Chicago, chairman of the Norwegian and Danish section, was also unable to attend, but sent greetings by letter.  One Address in Swedish.  Dr. John A. Enander of Chicago, chairman of the Swedish section, spoke in Swedish, and a translation of his remarks was read when he finished, Next Geritt _H. Ten Brock, consul for the Netherlands in St. Louls and chairman of the Holland section, made an address in Dutch. ane reading of papers was as follows: ‘‘The First Germans in the Lower an epg Country and the Creoles of German Extraction,”’ by Prof. J. Hanno Deiler of Tulane university; “The Fusion of Ger|. mans with the Other Nations of ane 3 United Stee psd Emil on Aibiggr £ {~Cago; ‘Grillparzer’s onlg okars Glueck und Ende as Rilsied to Earlier Treatment of Similar Material,’ by Prof. B. F. Hoffman, university of Missourl: “The German Woman in America.”’ by pee. Fernando Richter (Edna Fern), St.  ouls; “The Most Important Task of the German Cultural Agent at the Present Time,” by Dr. Jullus Lingenfelder, West ‘Point, Neb,  Fhe next meeting of the congress wi be held in Congress hall at 10 a. m. to-day. To-night an informal reception will be given the congress in Das Deutsche Haus. 