| tant points, get a chance to recover from the shock, :  Little Oklahoma was In the path of the storm. It did great damage in this nouseboat district, and) many of the floating, homes of the residents \were blown down the river. j  The church of Our Lady of Good Counsel suffered heavily, the steeple ‘being blown down and edifice unroofed. The reaiderice of Father John A. Tracy, adjoin‘ing, was partially wrecked, but the priestesvaped uninjured.  The weather bureau describes the storm as a tornado, but. a pecullarity. of. the storm was that while |it raged flercely over the affected district, the wind did not exceed |twenty-four, miles an hour over the bureau office. The storm did not last more than fifteen minutes. ;  Puzzled the asta Men.  The storm was somewhat of a mystery to the local weather | bureau officials, Nothing had occurred .|to warn. them >of its approach except a slight regular downward. pressure of the barograph, indicating a falling barometer jand the approach of an area of low pressure, which was hovering over eastern nsas yest Las morning. Its appro#eh,| however, ga s cause for alarm, as the| low hf abnormal and its approach was gradual,  Observer J. H. -Daingerfield, who is — temporarily in charge of the station, was — much surprised on learning that ous damage had been done by the wind less than two miles from the central station on top of the Chemical building, while neither its approach non |its presence in the city had produced any perceptible effect on the instruments. Therstorm, as it approached, had the jappearance-of an ordinary thunder storm, It was accompanied by. a few peals of thunder and it was observed that th@ heaviest clouds moved to the north of the main bisiness section of the city. ’ T  The maximum velocity of the wind at | the station here was only about twentyfour miles an hour, which is regarded as only a gentle sweep of the wind. The station on the World's Fair grounds reported a maximum velocity of only twelve miles . an hour during the afternoon storm,  The rainfall downtown was .61 of ‘an inch during the entire|day, and at the World’s Fair grounds it was 1.35 of an inch for the same time. | The temperature fell a few degrees at the. time the storm was passing, but rose again soon after. STORM DOES DAMAGE AND  CAUSES ALARM AT FAIR,  Rain fell nearly all day at the World's Fair, the storm: in the morning being. quite severe, but it was not until 7:45 p.m, that the conditions became alarming. Then the rain fell |in torrents and) a wind, which constantly increased in force until a cycione | was. threatened, biew out of the west.. Withing five minutes It was impossible to see a distance of 100 yards and five inutes later all the lights on the grounds were out. The storm drove the people to the shelter of such buildings as were shat at that hour, and the lightning, which was in almost constant play, ir great alarm, amounting, in the case of many of the foreigners on The Pike, almost to m® panic.  The Hghts in the Exposition picture went out with the second flash of lightning, due, it is said, either to the burni. out of a circuit or the flooding of The power house. The are lights, which had gone out the night previous as the result of an accident in the|tunnel, had not been re-lighted, so that the grounds were in total darkness until) 9 o’clock, when the Exposition egy 4 by energetic work, managed to again illuminate the exhibit . palaces.  Audience Sings Hymns.  There were 1500 people in Festival hall at the time the lights were extinguished. They were addressed (by Director of Works Taylor and other World's Fair of ‘ficials, who occupied a box, and counseled to keep order, About an hour was spent ‘in singing hymns, after| which, it i ing apparent that the lights would no be turned on immediately, the audience was dismissed. ‘ an  The Utah building suffered more from the storm than any of the other state buildings, five windows |being blown 2 a on the north ‘side, permitting the rain t: pour into the rooms and damage furniture, curtains, carpets|and decorations, —  \A‘leak was sprung in |the roof of the Illinois pavilion and the elaborate decorations of that ee were nearly ruined. i  Five alarms of fire were turned in from different points on the: Exposition pein j and Hale's fire fighters, who answered of the calls, were prevented from git 5 their early evening performance. Most.’ of the alarmis were due’ to. electri ( trouble and aon oh of the fires were serious, |  The concessionaires were all preven i from giving performan by the extine guishing of the electric/lights. The for _eigners on The Pike were much frightened ¥3 sh et 