7 ‘ Force of 15,000 Men, Working All Night, Put Grounds in Shape.  Much Also Accomplished in Exhibit  Phlacés—Work: to Continue | Until Noon. ; we rene  A night force of 15,000 men, working until | the sun broke over the Exposition this morning, completed the iast remnant of work on thé roadways and avenues of the white city. The night proceting bic mg  e World’s Fair was y. °  1s ot aay at the Exposition grounds. a  over.the grounds were seatteréd groups °,  busy men; lights shone forth from get A every part of the big picture where be was in progress, and superinten ents my up a night vigh. driving .over, the groun at intervals, <2 ein and noting the prog wor ;  "efgnae §. Taylor, director of works. and R  H. Phillips, chief civil eng ener, romaine  at their offices in the Administration bui ae  ing urtil ncarly midnight, keeping cipealy in touch with the development of the work.  Up to midnight, with the exception of some  small sections of roadwork which pemeincy  nnfinished, the thirty-four miles of asphalt paving and gravel stone walks had about reached completion. Much Work Accomplished.  the exhibit palaces an army of men wirkas teeuknoot the night, accomplishing an amount of work that might be attributed to the labor of several days-Hundreds ¢t exhibits were installed in the various build ings between 6 Mg last evening and 4  y this morning.  . rere iy this number of laborers on the  grounds and buildings, twenty-five teams  and 20) men went over the grounds during the night, gathering up every vestige of refuse and debris left by the last hours of work. A force of men will be employed in the exhibit palaces this morning up to noon.  At this hour the buildings will have been  swept, cleaned and dusted and ready to  throw open to the public, on the complétion of the opening ceremonies.  Ceremonies Symbolical of the Holy  Land Will Mark Event.  i of the gates of Jerusalem on he Worlds Fate grovnae will be celebrated this afternoon at 4 o’clock by_the aa of a cannon from the Tower of David, followed by the arr te f of.the American and Turkish flags, All the Jews will assemble -at the call to prayer from the Minarette, where Rev. Dr. J. W. Lee, pastor of the St. John’s Southern Methodist church, will invoke the divine blessing and deviler an address.  Ceremonies rape of Jerusalem by natives from the Holy Land will be conducted by Mme. Von Finkelstein Mountford, Rev. John Haddad and the choir from the Eastern Christian church will read from the prayer book and chant and_ burn_ incense. This will be followed by the ‘“Fatihah,”’ which is the confession of faith, chant and prayer by Mohammedan Imam and his congregation. h  An Israelite native of Jerusalem will blow the oe and sing in Hebrew, “‘Lift up your heads, O ye gates.’ This will be followed by the national Ottoman 22 doy by the inhabitants of Jerusalem. T nm hee will conclude with “The ox  ity,’ sung by the St. John’s M. E. chure choir. ‘  Final arrangements for the conduct of the cavalry troops which will escort Secretary of War William H. Taft. and Gen. A. R. Chaffee to the World’s Fair grounds ‘this morning were announced at: Jefferson barracks yesterday. Troops I, K, L.and M of the 4th cavalry will leave the barracks at 5:30 o'clock this ery tes r ne command of Lieut. Col; Sampre ‘Fountain. | ’Two of the troops will proces othe residence of Daniel C. Nugent, 3701 Westminster place, where Judge Tdaft’s escort will be formed at 8:15. Anothér troop will escort Gen. Chaffee to the “Exposition grounds from Gen. Bates’ residence, 4380 -MePherson avenue. The fourth pen 7 will be detailed to the congressional committee.  Troops I, K, L and M are composed of 47, 47, 48 and 44 men; rospecsvery. All will be in the regulation full dress, with equipments complete. One sergeant and two privates will be detailed to guard the colors 0 the secretary of war.  Local and Visiting Detectives Had a Busy Friday.  Chief of Detectives Desmond’s men and visiting detectives were kept busy yesterday age 8 ‘pickpockets and general thieves who havé been attracted to the city by the World's Fair opening. The men were locked up at the various districts to be held for at least twenty hours, when, if no charge is found against them, they will be sent to police court for idling. Among the pick-ups Fete eee was Robert Miller, said to be a pickpocket and thief a4 ternational a a ag He was arrested in a_ crowd at Seventh and Market streets by Detective John Shevlin of Hot Springs, Ark., and Detective Markham.  More Filipinos Coming.  A band of Saves Sit, Moros and nt et bos, the most savage tribes in the Phili pies. is to arrive bs ie The natives will  e given shelter in the Cuartel for the present; and later will dwell in villages on Arrowhead lake. The Igorrotes will move into their wees to-day.  Dr. W. P. Wilson, chairman of the PhfiFees Exposition board, announced yester y that the Philippine exhibit would +0t be opened to the public for some days, as the rains and snow had delayed the work of completion. Visitors will be admitted to ps Se but not to the buildings or vyilages.  Roads to Carry Extra Coaches.  None of the railroads reaching St. Louts will run excursion trains to-day, but the | ; regular service will be bas tere with extra Pig eg for the accom ion of visitors to the World's Fair opening. Each of the regular trains will be supplied with from two to five extra coaches and reduced rates are offered for the round tg 7 all the roads. A large advance sale of tickets from bret reported, and a record-breaking sroaa  ed, and a record-t in  is expected by the railroad men. «f 3 Cablegram from France. i  The following cablegram from the mh dent of the municivat councft of Batis, I France, was received by President Francis’| ¢ yesterday: “The city of Paris takes part | 1  the grand manifestation of human i 7 ity. Her representatives regret not to 4st able to assist in the inatguration ceremo| ¢ nies, but ex to visit you later, In their | t name 1 send you the expression of the most | ‘ cordial sympathy. DEVILLE, President.” |} 8  SS 12 One Entrance to Be Closed. i:  All of the entrances to the Worid’ .: grounds will be grenes par whe the c ception of The Pi which it was | ¥  found poone to complete in time for the opening. work on the subway near | t the approach to be > entrance has the | < bg + BEE. ished state, and ft will | r of next week. ad ssscthescs i = -——— t Miss Gould Due To-Day. é ss Helen M. Gould and a if ER Ny WEE The pa wil, proceed at onte “A Par A BRS a paaeaat® Abr yaaning served. : : Socuntenmeuneeeneteeee 4 = Pre-Exposition Dlumination. gs ara aa is 3 ings and eared as” i nightly during the coming oe ial —_ Sworn in as City Police. F Two hundred members of . goons were sworn ye Ae oy é President W. G. Stue aed’ tome tary Ward. : $ ; * _—--———————— Ceremonies begin early ‘the opening of the great World's Fair— 80. The season at Forest Park ’ begins early—April 30 & 