Tilinois dedicated yesterday, and there is _. fa month of dedications-yet to come. They areas much alike as weddings, and, iike ; = : weddings, are mainly 4 lllineis Goes. ef fnterest to the : s : ehiet£ participants. : Through With The first sign of a ' Ba : dedication ts the unthe Ceremonial. loading from. several : florist wagons of --~ palm trees in boxes. This fs also the. first Sign of a wedding. Valm.trees are very busy members of the social world; some "af them have an engagement for every afternoon and evening of the week and are @s well Known to. society circles and cas ‘terers as society lenders arc. Hilinois was: banked with palms" just like « % o'clock + «+ ‘tea yesterday, snd her porticos \were banked with people, nearly all of them TIll{notsans.. who were joyously swollen with pride as'they gathered under the sea-green cupelas of their stute building, well worthy af associating with Festival hall and Brainil’s alabaster temple tn the architectural heauty show ef the Pair For Illinois has : aihummated all that corner of the “Fair ground with her contributions. “There was la’ parade, with:Gov. Yates at the head, and, etrangest thing of all, there Was oneempty Seat in the line of open. carriuges, axjd no_ jhody asking fer it. tt is simost the first ‘time on record where the ‘‘cltizens in car| “Fiages” ‘couldn't have filled the carriages +. #ix times over. The Itlinois building is very Jarge. But it isn’t-large éneugh for dedications. After all who-wcould had got in, other: ‘ HNiinoisans whoa couldn't protruded even upon the laws. They sat on the balustrades and held fast by ‘the ornamental lurns: they stood tp in recking chairs with the! facinty of circus riders, and one man_ thréatened to hang head downward from ‘the railing of the staircase in order to par| ticipate, and came -near carrying out his threat. There were the usual speeches and * wWausic and cheers started by those who _ . ikhew what was going on, and after an hour 4 or two of it the band struck up a triumphal 3 hymn, the man hanging with his head " downward asked anxiously, “Is she dedicated?” and, being assured that she was, : ‘he assumed’ his’ normal position and = allowed his circulation to resume {tS accustomed course, the multitude flowed out from the utmost corners and crannies of the big buliding and every 1Minolsan was . seen beaming with perspiration and gladmess that it had been the biggest dedication  of the Fair. : eS Bs (eer aera Bary . = ‘ * 