“Then,” said |the Judge, sighing, ‘‘all the rest will follow.’’  The veteran boarder turned his head on the cushion and said: “Sir, IF have been a boarder for twenty-five pons. and I hurl back your insinuation with scorn."  “My dear sir,"’ said the judge uneasily, “what I)mean be that there can be no class so interested apo ba eh vice out of a neighborhood jas those who have their family altars there. The man who boards has only » to pack his trunk and call] an express ty xo rey St  “And lots of them:are doing it now,” said the horseman, Le iy § other quarters: becauce their landladies have been compelled to raise|rates on them to equalize the. increase in their own rents. And wand are the people who are sending broadcast the stories  of extortion by St. Louis hoteis and board‘ing houses, Anything appears extortion to them which does not give them the second‘story corner front at $4.50 per. Many of them have been writing letters to people outside the city to the effect that there is foing to be an awful amount of extortion “here. This is done with a view to keeping the crowds away and forcing things back to the old figures. It will be a good thing for St. Louis if she never goes back to the old figures. The World’s Fair rates being charged are in no way exorbitant. Take the “Uttle book issued by the World’s Fair information bureau, and in which are listed the locations and prices of thhouses which will entertain visitors pew the Fair, and you will find that where prices are unreasonable noni are unreasonably low and not -umreasonably high.-.The average is below rather than above a fair ‘rate for such a time as this, when the supply of boarding houses will not) be out of pronoraon to the demand. The aeorege is about 75 cents per day for lodging. ould anybody ask it eer |  “Well,’”’ said the eminent lawyer, “‘I guess there’s always som body who can ask it cheaper. I see a man who says he is from Europe, and has come to stay throughout the entire Fair, is writing to the GLoBEDemocrat and kicking because he can not ‘keep the room. he has been occupying at the regular rates. He does not want anyhody put in the room with him, and does not want to pay more than the usual rate for occupying it all by himself. He says, and no doubt he is In deadly earnest; that he thinks euch ‘extortion’ as yy Mw man take somebody in with him or pay advanced rates “" the crowds are breaking in the doors 2: clamoring for accommodations. will surely ‘hurt the Fair. No doubt he will write back Europe that he ts being imposed upon, when every sensible penser can see that he ts a cheap skate who. is try ing to cut a wide swath at little expense. If a man wants to he a sport let him be a sport, but not a’tin horn sport. I am afrafd _considerable damage has i tay 4 been dcne by these stories of extortion. which are ab‘solutely without. fdundation. in fact. Cor diality and hospitality are the words which have always represented the spirit ‘of Bt. | 