; THE WORLD’S FAIR.  One of the proofs of the universality of bh scope of the Exposition is the fact  t students in every section of the sci éntifie and literary congresses which take place next week will find in it abundant Material on their special subject. The | evhelas at large will probably take most oeterest in the meetings of the American woerepbical society, which has adurned from Washington to meet here on onday afternoon.  Histayjcal maps of great value are scattered through the buildings and -night easily be overlooked by persons having only a limited time to spend at the Fair. It will be useful therefore to point out where they may be found. 3  In the Government building two separate departments include maps in their exhibits. Of these the more valuable are Mueeeouted by the library of Congress,  ese were specially selected for their hearing on the early knowledge of Louisiana. They are particularly fine speciMens, commencing with the mappemonde of Janson of 1618 up to Luffman’s map of  e United States of 1819, and include the  etens. maps of Delisle, Senen, Danville ellin and Lopez. At the opposite end of the building is the collection shown  “by the bureau of American republics, in  which are many maps relating to Central  da South America, taken largely from colored atlas of Blaewer.  In the Liberal Arts building the state Ee one eepinys nearly 200 maps  books containing maps illustrative of the gradual growth of knowledge of  e north shore of the gulf of Mexico,  e exact contour of which was not clear. iy known with the surveys of the coast  ryey department in 1837 and subsequent ; Ts. This collection, loaned to the state  the librarian of kis 3 Howard memorial  1 ry of New Orleans, contains a facmile of. the celebrated map drawn on bull's hide by Juan de la Cosa, the pilot ef Columbus on his third* voyage; the mans relating to America from ths many = ef Ptolemy, and the maps of merica and Louisiana by De Bry, Mertor, Munster, Hondius, Hennepin, De Fer. Van der Aa. Delisle, Moll. Homann,  Auville, Mitchell, Vangundy. and Jef ys. These are, arranged, as nearly as ible, in ohranerog ion! order, and afford a rare opaereon ty for the study of ¢ gradual settlement of the Mississippi Walley. By this Sreeneyment is shown Clearly the duration of: the mistake of Mapmakers, who, fre 1640 to 1712. represented southern California as an Island. -At the south end of this building, in the British section, are two maps of great alo, exhibited by the Trinity house, the Venerable corporation which has charge of the lighthouses of the United Kingdom, ’ The more tnteresting Is by Antonio Sanv4 . drawn in 1685. Tt is_on parchment a em decorated with ecryde colored pic' turés of saints and ships. It fives the ‘ghores ofthe continents washed by tha Atlantic ocean. and on the coast north EY the gulf of Mexico adds a few names ‘Ye those already known to geographers. Fhe other historical maps in the Ex“position are to be found tn the SepertMent of anthronology, in the Administraton building. They are in the collections of the Missour! historical society, the “ neo-Louisiana society and in that of “the Jesuit fathers of &t. Marx's college. “Mortreal, in which latter is shown the ? us original autograph map of the m@pper Mississippi, made by Father Maremmette im tes. OE a ee ey eT eee 