PHILIPPINE MODEL SCHOOL. The Visayan pupils, who have been attending the model school in the Philippine section, refused to attend the classes yesterday, and have declared their intention of persisting in their refusal in the future.  Their action is explained by the following letter, which was received by Mr. IT. S. Stone to-day from Miss$-Teresa Ramires, a 16-year-old pupil of the school, who had read andtaken umbrage at that portion of the folder, recently is+ sued by the Philippine Exposition board, describing the yillages and exhibits of the Philippine islands at the World's Fair, in which the pupils of the school are classifled as ‘‘little savages."’ The letter, which is as follows, Pet apie the attitude taken by the young lady and her schoolmates:  In reading over your ah est Exposition book I noticed you A that all the pupits that go to the Model school are Savages. ut not all, I think, because as I have seen the Visayan people are more polite sometimes than some of the Americans that come around. I think if you will come here In our. little village and see our market, church) and theater, and also see the Americane when we sing the “Star-Spangled Banner,’® you would not be able to say those words. For myself, the Visayans can do much more fancy work than some of your people here, Hike our Jusi Pina Sinamay and embroidery, manufactured hats, mats and some objects thas are carved by hand you say is wonderful) work. I say this because some of your yt ‘that had been here in our place, they said every time these words, “‘Did you ever’’; so| I know that some of the Americans can't eat the Vasayan people. At this time I will) mentionsthat most of the people ask so cape foolish questions, and I'll say that they are very ignorant p€ople, because they will ask you some questions, and after you Rave answered all they will turn their backs without saying ‘‘good-by’’ or “thank you.’’ . And I _ will) say t#£.:0 that all the Filipinos in our village) are very angry to be called savages, and ask me to haye you change it. Some are ’so mad they won't go to school any more. } 