ARE TEXAS’ GUESTS SOLDIER OF THREE WARS WAS AMONG THOSE ATTENDING MEETING.  Lamar Fontaine, the author of “All’s Quiet Along the Potomac To-night” and a veteran of three wars, was the guest yesterday afternoon of the Texas World's Fair commission as a member of the National association of Mexican war veterans. The association has been meeting in East St. Louis for the past few days, and the Texas commission yesterday showed its eepitelity and patriotism by paying for the admittance of 160 of the old soldiers to the Exposition grounds and enphe gies them all afternoon in the Lone Star building. Mr. Fontaine proved the hero of the day, and showed himself not gt 4 @ poet-and a soldier but a singer of ability, soon 76 years of age.  He served fifteen years in the United States navy, during this time taking part in the Mexican war, and also served four years and a half in the confederate army  and during the Crimean war. He was at the siege of Sebastopol, and was presented after the battle with the iron cross of Peter the Great for gatientry in»acticn, the greatest honor that can befall a Russian soldier. Following the civil war be went abroad, and has been through the Orient and Europe. Mr. Lamar. is also the first white man born in San Antonio, and was on the site of Austin, Tex., before any houses were built. He Was dressed yesterday in the uniform of a private soldier of the confederate army. _Alithough born in 1826, his hair is almost biack, and he stated yesterday that he Was ready for another war.  Recital Is Given.  . There were many other distinguished persons armong the veterans yesterday, and uniforms sadly out of date, but bearon the marks of hard service, were plentiful in the crowd. A special. recital was given in the veterans’ honor from 3:30 to 4:30 o’clock in the afternoon. Mrs. J. F. Wolters, hostess for the Texas building this week, welcomed the veterans at the decor, ‘Private’ John Allen of year LA was present, and gave a characteristic address. Miss Myrtle Irene Mitchell. <oprano; Karl Smith, cellist, and Miss. Theodora Sturkew, pianist, furnished the musical programme. Mrs. George Barney of Fort Grange, vice president of the association of veterans, also sang.  At the close of the programme a gavel. earved from a historical tree in Fort Worth, was presented to Mrs. Moore Murdox, It was embossed on either side with a Mexican dollar. Mrs. Murdox was the first white woman to cross the plains. The veterans remained until 5 o'clock.  To-day Mrs. Charles Fisher will sing in thé-Texas building at 3:30 o'clock. Miss Theodora Sturkow, pianist, who has been playing to large audiences for the nast two months in the Texas’ and Indiana Fuildings, will give her farewell recital. She will leave Sunday for Chicago. 