SITUATION AT FAIR. ; i | A ae |  A‘-mass meeting of all the organized | employes of the |World’s Fair. ingpuding i union cooks. bartenders, musici , -en[ gxineers, firemen, electricians, steamfitters | and laborers, numbering several thousand, | will be held at Walhalla hall, Tenth | street “and Franklin avenue, at 9 o’clock | this morning. The purpose of the meet| ing will-be to determine whether a strike | affecting al’ of these empiove will be | called in sympathy with the | striking . waiters.» The waiters have been out three | weeks and cesar pg 4 no changes in the conditions -brought about by the strike:+ have taken pleee. i lee mee  No opinion was forthcoming last night! from any of the union lcaagtuee on tha} probability or improbabilityy of a sym-¢ pathetic strike. ; Fj 4  To Buy Coal-Testing Machinery. — SPECIAL DISPATCH To THE GLOBE-DEMOCRAT. =}  WASHINGTON, July 22.—Director Wal-/ cott of the geological survey has. just gained an important point in the interest of the extensive experiments which are to be made by his department at the Expo-| sition in St.. Louis in determining the relative values of coal as fuel. Congress ay propriated $30,000 for this work, ‘but made the provision’ that all the testing machinery shall be -contributed “ free:rof charge to the governmeat. An pik eh meet piece of apparatus could not be obtained under this provision, but the comptroller has now decided that there is no legal objection fo purchasing it. = the  Arrange for’ Curfew Congress.  Arrangements for the ‘World’s internas tional curfew congress, which is to open at Festival hall, World’s. Fair seroma’ on July 27, have. been completed. _This work has been in charge of Capt. Issac M. Mason, president of the St. Louis curfew association, and Col. A. Hogeland, president of the national society. For-_ eign nations and all the states have been corresponded with, and most of them will send delegates. Each of the St. Louis churches has been asked*to send four delégates. This is the first international effort to combine for the purpose of sayving the young from crime. fi :  ' Missouri Commission Meets.  The Missouri commission. at the World's ‘Fair met pemce ws 9 for an all-day, session in the Missouri building, Gov. A. M. Dockery being present and taking an. active interest fn the pcceteg: The commission met in e morning until 12 o'clock, and te eae n the afternoon. Only routine busineBs twas considered; M._T. Davis, president of the commission; Judge J..H. Hawthorne ef Kansas City an Pas | H, Bonfoey, secretary of the commfsSion, were appointed an executive committee by the board, to obviate. the necessity of further meetings. :  ea Chinese View Empress’ Picture.  Wong Kai Kah, Chinese imperial vice commissioner to the World's Fair. atcompanied by his family, visited the Art palace yesterday afternoon and \inspected the Vr ahr of Empress,.An, which if on ex ibit in fhe; American | ssofon. There were iu the party Mr. and. Mrs. Wong, Kes Owvang, King Cwang, Chinese vice consul at San Fragcisco; Miss Ah May Wong. and six ¢hildren.  «° | =  To Transfer Signal Corps Men. Srreis. DisPatcn To THE GLoBe-DeMmocratT,  WASHINGTON, ‘Sas? 22.—First-class Sergeant Edward. W. arshall and Private Edward Godfrey, signal corps, are relieved from .further duty in. connection with the signal rere exhibit at the Louisiana Purchase position, St. Louis, Mo., and wiil be sent to San Francisco, Cal., for duty with company 1 signal corps. is Eig re pe  : is : 