show barns, you may inspect dozens of varieties of the male barnyard autocrat, but not one wiil change your opinion of his wretched and paltry character. They are all alike; a perfectly obvious blerding of seuseless trepidation and blatant braggadocio. of lofty affectation, and craven poltroenery, head high in air one minute, hidden low in the darkest corner the next. the most depicable of bipeds. But let the poultry show go on.  When the wind blows fifty miles an hour, 1t may be Indian summer, but what kind of Indians?  The only time the water wagon pursues a man instead of vice versa, is when the sprinkling cart in the exhibit buildings is making its tour.  In a mysterious painting in the Fine) Arts gallery there is a great flight of hare arms and legs through the air. After looking on the myriads of bronze lamp standards in the Manufactures building one can suspect what was. Crifting through the artist’s mind.  Japanese teapots as large as your fist have now reached the price of $5. These. are for people who don’t want $500 ones.  Girl in the red waist struck down her father’s arm because he was pointing with his forefinger at a statue in the Art gallery. The educational feature of the Fair is sometimes inmpressed a little strenuously.  A man with a silk hat on ought not to talk out of the corner of his mouth; you won't fully realize how imperative this is until you see him do it.  Festival hall has a ri Paige out of each window like a Klondike pioneer’s habitation; but they have all been nicely galvanized and are almost ornamental if you are not going to be too fussy.  Unnecessary astonishment was manifested at the sight of a woman tying a man’s shoe. Isn't it as hard for a man to tie his own shoe as it is for a woman?  All the fly population that came to inspect the live stock exhibit has remained and is now interested in the horticultural display.  At the races in Buenos Ayres the exhibition of millinery appears to surpass anything in this country, as it is pictured for the information of Americans; and half the men wear silk hats.  General Frost, having reconnoitered and found the preparations for defense of the fiower beds so thorough, has withdrawn his forces for the present.  The most ‘‘natural’’ picture in the Art gallery is one that portrays the ‘‘slush” of a melting winter day so well that you have a sensation of wet feet. F. H. C. 