The World’s Fair  | Although it-{s conceded that | children must be instructed and entertained at all costs, their welcome by exhibitors on free days is not tinged with that joyous abandon that might be ay Re The children prove to the Fair just where it is lacking in solidity, for if janything is going to lie down in/any waly it will do it on free days. Its miles of |jguarding wire and brass railing get a moist hand trailed along their whole cours¢, and 1f. there is any cast-iron or cut-stione post that is a hollow pasteboard sham it gets stove in. and if there is any excelsiorfilled: plush casing masse nine as a ‘%inch hawser it proclaims it after being $at on once. Show trains get walked through and every window looked out of and new street cars are initiated into the carrying of loaded platform and step, and nothing saves the big freight enginés from being worn threadbare but the placard. ‘‘Keenp off!’’. The numerous slot machines have the Ligh cages ti for if they are full and stingily with old their wares, their doors are rattled and their windows tried, and their cranks worked vigorously up and down, as are the arms of freshly drowned people. If |} the machines are empty they are made to disgorge the money they swallowed under false pretenses, or take a goo, sound shaking. j  On free days the whole place is cleared for action. hatches battened down, loose woodwork thrown overboard and cargoes of circulars stowed below decks or left to be jettisoned. piecemeal by! the invaders. Exhibitors put sway’ their registers. sequester all small articles that are easily overturned, and meekly bow their heads until the storm is past. whea they ,clear away the wreckage. but in their hearts they wish {it were provided that instead of five children being ad-_ mitted with one grown. person it were the. other way about, and five grown care-" takers have to accompany each child.  In the W. C. T. U._room in the Education building there hangs in a wooden frame of Japanese design a quaintlyshaped bronze bell. some 18 inches high and about 15 inches across. It has raised ornamentation of. artisti¢ Wdades: and Poon "dae SY one choo P art in English,  nch, rman an apanes Pt ie aes in te atty ef donio, ah Le s§ bell. cast in the city of Tokio, Japan, December 10, 1892, by Tsuda Sen, ts. ade from the metal of tobacco pipes of ore than a thousand men, once slaves, ow freemen.” | | | It was presented to an American womes who worked in Japan in the antitocco cause, and, as told in its own words, was cast from the metal of the pipes she he persuaded her converts to abandon,  t had been given her not long before her death in Tokio-and made a one monument to her memory. cy . —_— 4 j sorts and conditions of. men, womenjand children filed through | url's 4 $ 