{ VI i ‘UNCIVILIZED TRIBES TO |  Especial attractions, designed to bring out a big attendance, have been planned for to-day at the World's Fair. An assemblage of the world’s uncivilized races will be held in the plaza in front of the government building at 6:30 P.: m.| Every primitive race at the Exposition will be present in force, and the tribesm@p wil! wear thelr geiurert barbaric finery. ..The head bear hunter of the Ainus amd his companions, all champion hunters, will dance the weird bear dance of their race, Avhich precedes their ‘autumnal. bear hunt. The Patagonian giants will sing a -hunting song in chorys. The pygmies and cannibals from the Congo will hold a war dance, and will also give the wild symbolic ceremony which accompanies. the | sacrifice of a. human. victim. to their god:  y A: Sioux war dance, parte yeres n by braves, in full war panoply, with Weapons in hand,, will be given,ig a by tam toms and) war whoops. he Kwakiutl Indians from} Vancouver island, the Cocopas from Mexico and all the tribes of United States Indians will have characteristic ceremonies. The drill with the gteat sea coast guns and mortars,. which are mounted on the south.terrace of the government building, will be given -by the United States sea coast artillery company, from 4:30 to 5 p. m., and there will be a large number of other special features. .  Reception Given to Band.  A She age Was given last evening at the South Dakota building at the World's Fair in honor.of the South Dakota state band, which has been at the Pages for ‘the last two weeks, and is about ‘to depart for home. The attractive. little pavilion ‘was well filled with young: peore from the different state buildings.  here was dancing to the music of the band © and, Es ge, Petit g were served. Executive Officer orge R. Farmer was assisted ‘in the eee and caring for the visitors by Mrs, ake yar hostiess of the building: Mrs. Lillian-s.. Ceonta Mrs.. John Driscojl .and other ladies of the: state. | ; ;  Arrange |for Merchants’ Meeting.  The fifth dni convention of the Missouri retail merchants’ association will be ‘held at. Liberty hall in the hall of Conreraeace wat the World's Fair Tuesday,  Tednesday and. Thursday of next week. The| sessions of t vention will be héld) only | in. Mornings of the dates |named, so as to permit the delegates to put in their time piyigh Mice World’s Fair after the convention, About 500 delegates, who will be accompanied by members of their families and a large number of visiting merchants not delegates, will attend the convention.  Art Lectures Prove Interesting.  Mrs. E. W. Pattison: gives a lecture every morning. in the palace of Fine ‘Arts at. the orld’s |Fair, the courses having proved most interesting to those who have been fortunate enough to hear | them, Yesterday the lecture was given) in the United States section of the Art palace. This sectfon is open on Tuesday and Friday nights, and several ladies and gpateme: have made arrangements with  rs. Pattison: to ‘‘explain’’ the pictures on these evenings. : '  Mexican Veterans to Mest.  A fraternal joint reunion of the veterans of the Mexican war of the Pecos Osa b and Mexivo) will tbe held at the World's Fair September 17. James T. may of Bedford, Ind... president of,the National wT eR of Mexican war veterans, was at the Fair yesterday to make arrangements for the reunion, Addresses will be made by J. Nick Perrin ‘of Belleville. Ill., and Col. W. F. Cloud of pe er City. Gen. Lew Wallace. a veteran of the Mexfean war, has been invited to deliver an address. J i  Kansas Woman Dies of Burns. Spectat DisPATcH To THE GuoBe-DEMOQCHAT.  NEOSHO TALLS, KAN.. July 22,—Clara Montgomery, the 19-year-old SauEnter of Henry Montgomery, died late this afternoon as the result of burns received from the explosion of a can of coal ofl which she had. used in lighting a fire. Mrs. Montgomery, mother of the young wom-; an, who was standing near with her baby daughter in her arms, received burns which will result fatally. The baby its. se-. riously it pcos Miss oe was to have: been married next week. 