Although 300 miles away from St. Louis, enough of Kansas was present on the Fair grounds yesterday to give a general  G. A. R. reunion apKansas Day pearance to the whole 1200 acres and Kansans. which it covers, Kansas is a state of great assemblages; these either take the orm of soldiers’ reunions or “fall festivais” and frequently the two are comare = (fete Sn as : Pa eg = 4 istse oS eo) fl | Mt . | fe ak ‘ v: Mv (DB a. | {thy } | A | . a | | ! | ‘ Vs AuTS ! | Lf ” Ek = 5. : tet Covered with glory. bined. When times are good the people pay their fare and when sore 4 ate not 80 good the railroads are coaxed into carry a them where they want to go on Passes or haf near to it. In Kansas the Tallroads and the Fools are close tofeet notwithstanding what the Popu S have said, and it is a very small community indeed that hasn't part of we flower of its youth Boh geen | in the  ta Fe offices,” or on the Rock Island or the Missouri Pacific; so the railroads are rather a yg Mesorangh They are alwere et the Kansas people around every y in Kansas knows at least five or six conductors by their first names,  r this ee thes a Kansas man said eaten that he counted 6000 actual Kansans surrounding the stand on the Plaza St. Leuis. where the Kansas day celebration was held, he ought not to be doubted. It was not necessary to discern their huge white badges "to know them as Kansans. That singular air of alertness, that argumentative eye, that countenance of pugnacity with its unmistakable expression of a desire to take the matter up with you at once and thrash the philosophy out of it, of prying into it for the wherefores, of dissecting” fe physically, mentally and morally, an especially epee and arriving at eternal truth; and having found it, to stick by it spoven ag? A darts be hurled, capecy 50, the flery darts are extraordinarily numerous and exasperating—all thess form the identificatory ame which needs no badge of any kind for the Kansas man. No Kansan was ever known to say “Why, yes, certainly,”” to a postulate or doctrine of vg? other man, not until he has examined it with his own reason—except when that man is praising Kansas. And since in all the gireaben made in the Kansas day celebration not ene so much as trod 6n a hajr’s breadth of Kansas’ garment, all those thousands of countenances beamed as broadly and oe, as a happy Kansas piaten $a  here are, many states that might envy Teamens the matchless affection al] her citizens bear toward her.  In all the previous state parades given at. the Fair the citizenry of the oe which is conducting the celebration have  been amply content Kansas People ed with standing by  the roadway an In Line. cheering the proces sion as it goes by  Quite contrary, of the Kansas day ceiebration, of course. Stand A nae by while the progensiqn of their state moves along its predestined course? Every one of a put forth his right foot, then his left, and walked in line; old men, young men, aged women, some with canes; chilren, and, not the least, one man on crutches, Carrying gripe they had pigs, fed from home, umbrellas, overcoats, lunch boxes, souvenirs and miscellaneous Leapat bao those for whom there wees. no carriages, to the number of several thousands, enthusiastically constituted themselves a part of the parade, the most extraordinary wiee ause at the Fair, Each wore a pike eae, bscgp a half foot ja TanETE, lotta : * in gold mg on with a sunflower at the top. The unexpected png ewlind of all these march m ts somewhat disarranged the Shae Sine demonstration, for the parade b ing so large that one section Of }t  ched “og ag another route een  he other. Iowa, as 4 Sister state) helped  ‘assisted in th p conduct of it When ths Kansas buliding overflowed,  ‘the procession s pcan! 4 1ontkede with  Saath & Very. tow minwige tote) her Ons  ; eS : precincts Sreand with Menenak All the 