POLLS WILL BE OPEN AT PHILIPPINE EXPOSITION TO-DAY —ANTONIO FOR ROOSEVELT.  Re ee ee aE Es Ee a Se DOL PE |S eg ae g Gs SCS Cee, Be Be ee es i 5 UY Pe oe aii i ee ak Sale SOP i, (okt ee io ae Be pea Hy . Pee r e # Be te i a % a 4 ee ite. ee eS e ot Se ge Be ae bi 7 : #4 Rig ee a: Pa or en & Paes * es x ¢s suon e ae we 13 F , ~ $ 4 id) Poeding®, 5E i Oo fee me ee ty. (rrr |. Be “ee” f° oyecngpet Ms ? i be 4 e* &? a : a Mei z 7 & a 7 i gin be cs Reet ho re me BS ag ee AP es te Bano ee ie neat cat cis fe, Ses ae ces Me Sites ts Se Pee ee es eee RES og cing, ge ake ge eee Ge rks eee Hpetigs: : Sey st ia aoa Ber ets ta Rr ee ERS eae et ae es o Se ae Be ane eel eS eR St ES Ee 3 2S a CHIEF ANTONIO,  Igorrote leader who wants to vote for Roosevelt.  The natives in the Philippine exposition at the World's Fair have displayed such great interest in the election of President that they will conduct an _ election of their own to-day. The Igorrotes particularly have expressed a desire to vote, and Dr, Hunt last night agreed to establish polling places in their village in order that they might express their preference on the matter of presidential  candidates,  Igorrotes gongs will serve as_ ballot boxes. with the photographs and Theodore Roosevelt and Alton B. Parker, the candidates, placed over the gongs to designate them. Beans will be used as ba!lots, and guards placed over the gongs to prevent any voter from casting more than one vote. Only one voter will be permitted to enter a booth at one time, and he will cast his vote for the candidate of his choice out of sight of his fellow-countrymen, with the exception of the guards and sadnes.  The rules govern ng the election will '« strictly enforced, and a necaly inflicted for any infringement or breach of eleotion laws. Electioneering for the candidates will ba permitted only outside of the 100-foot line. The beans which are to be a ed as ballots will be selected by Gov. : Hunt. and counted in the presence of the ‘judges of election, and then placed in a third Rong and taken into the booth under guard,  Antonio, chief of the Igorrotes, who vis‘ited President Roosevelt. has been campaigning among his followers, and it is said in the village that the voting there will be all one way.  “The Visayans and Moros will be pe. mitted to establish ballot boxes in their villages if they desire. At night a celebration will be held in honor of the victors. 