. There is an unmistakabie sign of the approach of autumn, and, ag might’ have been expected, it has manifested itself oe. : first in the more eleKnees In the vated regions, where the aes f breath of Tyrolean Alps. winter blows first : “ ‘across the pines and through the cragey defiles. Some of the male yodelers in the Tyrolean Alps have put on stockings. Those speaking knees, which have appealed to the artistic sense visually as much as the melodies of their owners have appealed to the ear, are now more or Jess shrouded from view. The question offered is, can a yodeler réally co as well in stockings as in bare nees? It is a fancy, but one not to be dismissed, that a Scotch ane is not quite so musical. unless in. the :typical costume of the Highlander. Who would care for bagnipe music by a gentleman in a swallow-tailed coat and trousers with silx cord down the outside seam? The exposed knea is as necessary to our appreciation of the true Tyrolean yodel as the mountain chapeau wirtn feathers green that ‘the mountaineer wears so gallantly and doifs so gracefully at the begi~ning of each. song he offers. There are as yet sturdy. sons of the. Tyrol whose knees are offered at each performance in their native undress. Our evening breezes have not vet made it seem necessary to clothe them from; the inclemency  [)  bd i ¢  ; ——— f  Gs YO /\ M4 \ Re werte. WEN ; ¢ ip he, Ae od ’ { ‘ Za AY. « m~ | le; g, Autumn in the Alps. of the weather. Patrons will find that Tyrolean. minstrelsy has suffered no decadence; and it may be many weeks yet before—generally speaking—the frost is on the pumpkin and the knee is in the sock.  After observing the multiplicity of occasions in which Adam and Eve have been utilized. as subjects by the painters whose  works hang in the  . Muchness of palace of Fine Arts,  it occurs. that. if  Adam and Eve. Adam and Eve had  worn clothes from the first, Art would not have given them @ second thought or a second glance. So that it. is not from their historical imperme that they are precious to Art, ut because they offer a safe guise in which to depict the nude: If characters of ancient Biblical history were desirable why pass by Noah and Moses? There is only one oses in the whole gallery, Adams and Eves swarm there. There are Frenchmen, Englishmen, Belgians, Swedes and a man or two iran Harlem or Hoboken, appearing as Ada#&h, You may choose your Adam from any nationality you please. You will find him in some art gallery. It softens penser criticism to paint a picture in which raiment has béen forgotten if the tableau represents the presentation of the apple as related .in Genesis. The apple is both the veil and the excuse. It is the justification and the extenuation. It is the apology for ths worst that might be offered and the inspiration of the best. It is not to be pale too few toners roe that there is somet if of dissimulation in this; that if you c it Adam and Eve and work in an —_ and, better still, a serpent sornewhere, you may paint anything you will. But can't Adam and Eve be spared a little more generally? Suppose that Moses and Noah and a few old-time pitnomanse be given at least a fair share of the canvas,  Who or what is responsible for a new  kind of pronunciation of English, which is heard at the Fair? Our Changing Is it Southern or Southwestern or ' Tongue. Southeastern? For investigation has gone far enough to make sure that it ts not Northern or Western; and the Easterners have so long been set in their accent and vernacular that there is no mistaking them. But when you hear some one calling the Sunken | ne haner “the Sunken gorden,” what new differentiation of the mother tongue have we among us? Not alone this example, but every “ah” sound of ‘‘a’”’ has been broadened until we hear ‘stor’ for “star,” “bor’’ for “bar’ and ladies and pettionen beg your ‘pawdon,” instead of your pardon, or even “pahdon,”” as they do in Boston and New York. The new pronunciation is not unpleasant; in many ears it is more ore than that prolonged utterance of “star,” as if it were “‘stah-ur,’’ which New York theater managers call that “disagreeable Western burr’ and amputate as quickly as possible from the speech of the promising pupils who eventually bloom into famous “stahs” instead of “stah-urs,” as they would have pronounced it when the first came up out of the greet central part of the country, the mother of many of the nation’s great. But what of “stor?” In what state or region is its source?, Where is the fountainhead of “pawdon"” for pardon and ‘hawmony"’ for harmony? The philologists must needs do some exploring. This is age to be a great country and a most diversified one.  “The next World's Fair in this country will be given by the United States government,” said Digby, when we had gath ered in our usual  The Next corner of the —  at the Hotel Burlap  World’s Fair. and were enjoying  the usuai cigars at  15 cents apiece, which could be bought  downtown for 10. Digby continued: “It  wili be given in celebration of ‘the completion of the Panama canal.’’  “When do you expect that to be?” asked Wilkins. :  “In about ten years or so. The union of the two greatest oceans and the establishment of communication between | SSE ee aaa 