Ee ' =§ {} ARRIVED AT FAIR-§ GROUNDS AT 4A. M,. ———— teat The special train bearing President Roosevelt’ and his |party arrived in Sti Louis at 3:18 o'clock, passing Urlion sta: tion. ttventy minutes later, long befe. 7) daylight, several more ahead of vu | expetted time. The train passed through) Terre |Haute, Ind.,/ at 10:03 o’clock) last) night! arbi The President's special was run as thé, third section of No, 11, a fast mail train) on the Vandalla~-Pennsylvania system) from the East. Abput ten minutes ahead. of the President's |special a pilot bes was tun, it following closely in the wake of the fast mail. | | ea The train was brought into the city) triad Willows station. where it arrived ‘at 3 o'clock, via the Illinois transfer company's tracks, over the Sear bridge nd th Terminal’s. tracks and elevated road intg the Union station yards. Raom Union station yards the train was taken over ‘the Wahash tracks 4s far. ae Clon venue where it was swite onto the Rock Island's tracks =nd carried to the J dministration entrance of the World On ir. The train was parked just inside the Exposition. grounds, west of the Transp ota: tion building. | i g at gl . The engine which piloted the Preaihena train throughout the trip preceded it even to the gates of the World’s Fair, This was done as a precaution against A pasqaible aceldent. =! It. was announced that the Preside t's party intended to spend the hours inter yening between its arrival and daylight on board the special train, not going to the residence of = William H. Thomp son oh Lindell boulevard until some tne to-day. : ae At 4 o'clock the train arrived at ithe World's Fair grounds. $ Ei Rs eerie: ae ieee Ps ES President’s Shout i Averts Accident. SPECIAL DisPatce To Tne GLone-Deme ap PITTSBURG, PA,, November 25.—Pres ident Theodore Roosevelt with esta ok passed through Pittsburg at 11 o'clock this forenoon, and there were several hundred people who will ever rémenher the chief executive, for, if ‘he did /not prevent them from losing their lives ontright, he surely prevented a great niumber from being. ; harmed. by the unexpected ‘shifting. of the train. eee President Roosevelt appeared alone a unattended at the rear of the train when it ralled into the depot, and a hty roar went up from hundreds who had waited: hours to| get a glimpse of |the 