Francis, Director of Exhibits Skiff, Mayor Wells, President Carter of the nationel commission, Senator Burnham of New Hamp= shire, Representative Tawney of Minneso Commissioner General Nuncio of Mexi  H. Harriman of New York and Sec  War Taft. The Exposition hymn,  ence Edmund Siedman, will also be r.  That the Fair will open with a r breaking attendance is assured by the crowd of visitors in-the city and the f that every business institution practical of the city will be closed in order to allo . its employes an opportunity to visit the Ex~ position. The gates will open at the usual hour this morning, but workingmen’s passes will not be honored after 8:30. After that hour work on the grounds will be suspended. The gates will remain open until 11 o’clock to-night.  Where Notables Will Gather. :  The ceys and directors of the tion  h escort, to the plaza of St. Louis. The foligwing order will be preserved: Detachment of Jefferson guards, Philippine scouts’ band, Philippine scouts, Sousa’s band, offi cer United States army, Col. HE. A. Kings-— bury; officers and directors of the Exposi-~ tion, national commission, board of lady managers, “Representatives of foreign governments will assemble in the Hall of Congresses 4 : 9:15 a.m. They will walk, with escort, 5 the place assigned them for. the opening ceremonies on the plaza of St. Louls. Thefollowing order will be observed: :  Detachment of Jefferson guard, Weil's band, officer, United States army, Maj. Hammond; committee on foreign relations of the board of directors and secretary of the committee, director of exploitation and commissioners of the Exposition to foreign countries, commissioners and representatives of the foreign countries in customary — order. :  Representatives of state and territorial — govern: .cnts will assemble at 9:15 a. m. at — the United States government building. From there they will walk, under escort, to the place assigned them for the opening ceremonies on the plaza of St. Louis. :  The following order will be observed: Detachment Jefferson guard; Innes* band; ~ officer United States army, Capt. King; committee on legislation and state and — territorial exhibits of the board of directors — and the chief of the department of domestic exploitation; United States government — board; commissioners and representatives — of state and territories. nes 