There are a £00d many things to scold about if you want to be uncomfortable; but it will be the same way in heaven.  There has been a return to winter clothing. Is this summer going to be one that will make us wish we had put steam heat in the exhibit buildings?  The motor with the self-laying track was almose equaled at the Inside Inn. A man spread cinders from a wagon as the line of Inn guests advanced on the mud. F  A wonderful coincidence is that the Panvat has descended to. $38 in price at th® time that the World’s Fair is on. It is_ th# ideal hat for World’s Fairing.  The more you study the roar of a lion | the more certain you will be that it is | rea a grunt. Lions are greatly overestimated.  Som people like “The Burning of the Troquois”’ better«than ‘‘Bedelia.”. The sub} ject is a trifie more tragic, but not the music, ,  If the hermit crabs in the Fisheries  building would cease from bt fogged there ene hy be more peace in the Fisheries building. But a hermit crab is not as good natured as a seal, _*That expression of anger on the face of one of the Indian medicine men in the statuary group at the launch landing is -explained when you follow the direction of his Fence. It is riveted on a World’s Fair sandwich close to his knee that has lain there three days.  One side of The Pike pavement is clean. Was this done by the rain or The Pikers? senccareibccis satuie The difference eres the construction of the Assouan dam and the soap bubble | fountain is that in one place there is a picture of them ‘‘making suds to divert the Nile,” and in the other they are making suds to divert the spectators. ‘  One of Queen Victoria’s jubilee presents was given _her by Khan Bohodur Nawab Mahomed Mahmud Alikhan Raio of Chitari Zila Bulondshahr N. W. provinces. This shows how generous the British are to the Hindoos. They leave them (their names,  Each concourse of green chairs laid J their fronts around the band stands on one count of the rain powerfully suggest: “The congregation will now bow in prayer.  _In the east end of the New York buildin is = Pit Suereer. ay rou Wane over  y cistern and shouted, you wi know what the echo sounds like. e " BG 