The World’s Fair  The girl in the gum shoe booth who made tice, warm, flannel-lined arctics al! summer in the public eye has packed up her ‘traps and gone back to the factory. The necessity for a high atmospheric temperature to keep her working materials in a plastic state was cited as a réufon for her withdrawal just as her wares boxer to take on a cozy look.  hose who of late stood on chilled feet and watched her movnt upon a liningeovyered wooden mold the insole, counte7, vamp, foxing and heeled outer sole and deftty roil the plastic seams togéther now gO over to a neighboring curio booth where the Indian women weave thick, soft blankets on their home-made looms. The carding and spinning of the wool-is done by two squaws—mother and daughter—who sit beside their looms tailorwise. The old Indian father scorns the effeminate occupation of rugmaking and carves out bows and arrows to sell, or oles 50> the heavy sitting around ard entertains his daughter's children. One of these runs about and plays, but tne ps ad is a tiny bgt Adee strapped immov ly to a board, and all summer long it has: not had a single chance to suck its tHumb or-mind the flies from its face, for its arms were bound to its sides. ) "Thre Sonn page husband remained back .{n Colorado when his wifé and children eae to the Fair with the. old people, for both he and his mother-in-law could not ‘dome and risk a Laine 2 so he was the ene to-stay at home. According to the  ets pg: the tribe;. they; would both 0  if they ever. met face to face. The Yo man is not here, but, judging by the mother-in-law'’s appearance, the tribal pans is founded on some fact, and he did Well to keep his distance and his eyesight. At home ff a son-in-law wishes to come pe ae mother-if-law’s house he must “Ss her werd, and.she goes off and hides pegsels until ke is.gone or elre draws her sver-present blanket over her face and turns away discreetly.  gt bd it is not that way with us, for it is the son-in-law, if any one, who dodges around corners and keens out of sight er Poy away and hides while the motherin-law is calling. But what a lively time there must be in some of those Indian villages with several hundred sons-in-law and mothers-in-law dodging behind tenis and sage brush clumps to keep from mee*ing face to face with some particular acquired relative that would endanger the eyesight. But it is just as well to keeys up the fiction, which may have been proved as tending to peace before it was made a law.  Some of the Russian pictures lie in a pis eat as remote as the country itself although not nearly as cold, for the dispent upstairs rooms of the main art galary are cf tropical warmth. ‘The rarrow reoms—which have the gray north lig beloved of artists—are not fitted with seats; which would only get stumbled over as visitors backed off to get a perspective for the large canvases.  There is the same diversity in thema up there that characterized the pictures of other countries, but, vs is quite natural, there are many snow scenes, aud such very cold-Icoking snow it is, whether ft Hes on the stern, bleak mcuntain tops. smothers the roofs of a town or covers the dreary steppes.  One picture is of the outskirts of a town tn winter, but not a soul is stirring :nd there are no beaten paths, and not eyen any smoke is rising from the chimney teps to show the town is not frozen stiff. The sense of bitter cold is accentuated by a tumble-down log stable In the foreground around the corner of which the wind has hcliowed out a sharp little dry Grift that whispers of zero in every curvé.  But some. cf the pictures show the snow lying only tn shaded hollows and a wealth of wild asa azaleas or of blue flags covsee. the ground. for spring has come and green hillsides are reflected in quiet tivers. whose mirror surfaces are broken enly by the ripple of a boat and a blue be ae down on iceless os a Baikal.  : ce of the pictures looked for first is of a burning forest in the upper Urals, where the scourge of fire has so often Jaid waste the timbered regions. The red flames are seen coming through the -tall ine trees, throwing out an advance guard Loe to Hck bs the undergrowth or there te sienh to the top of some tree, and = g into the air great clouds of thick 4 apurky 2 aray smoke and leaving behind 3 Tuin. $f her pictures are of peasants gathering hay i lush green meadows or bane the harvested wheat sheaves on racks aig and in one canvas a famifliarking red and white cow stands looking away off from you across a five-poled fence into a wooded pasture and studying abort how to gct over there. The picture’s title In the catalogue is just “Cow (Study),”’ but it helps to show that Ruesta bes ample summer pasturage and is not always covered with snow.  Another picture has always people before ft. and that is the .one of which a fine F eee ley copy was given with a recent Sunday edition of this dt The targe canvas. shows the ca g out of an-anelent Slav custom of interring some living creature under the eorner, <tcne of.all imposant public buildings. “The first person 0 piss the excavation nfter ft svas ready Was .usually selected. and in this case— which shows SRe building of the old Kremlir of Nijni-Novecrod—the young wife of a merchant hatyensd to pass with per water pails. phe is shown psing forced y the builders into tie wetial grave, While officials Ty the distance look coldly on at the sacrifice. GENEVA LANE.  — >  Albert V Be ae Sou  van ®, Special commission Prof agriculture from Belgium to the  uistana . Purchase. fion, nay aris  the ¥ fs J ‘yes aite  to nonor’ of Col. Charles F. Mills,  fy. Wooden edie or ae Bee  evs' Gazette Chicago. The foll tablegram from the sec ‘etar “eine LBOpO! é "Et. in snawer to  1@ Sent to the king earlier in. “day, . was rec Het aig: PE Seg Pa bind the ee was ai/dinner: "The king, happy. of tbs  x PME aero bt eu veGH tne = "Amon th meng 5 Sains ete= Norman. }. : Co) m an. former: | secretar~ © rik, Rabe Of the Unite ete ‘ede re W. Ta lor,  Be ge Shree Sk “hed serps Fb Re nb cnetgee ie ee ee ee tre TEE a, Ai, sccre& SED. SEINE “MMREB gs: Sime eo S249 Sr 