Much has been done this summer to teach Americans to drink tea. Two big establishments at the Fair have labored  4 incessantly to imProgress of plant the taste in those who have it Tea Drinking. not, besides the Jap| anese tea Foe Tea has no great fascination for the necpie of this country. Ther will drink  t, if it comes their bee but they don’t miss it if it doesn’t. ike the amiable man who went out with the crowd of merry-makers and said, “Oh, well, I'll do sng’ once” when they wanted him to take a Hannah Elias cocktail, they will try your tea for you, if you insist, but they greatly B itis coffee or beer. So tea may be said to be quietly making converts, although it will have to ans hard to overcome the masculine prejug ce against it as an ‘‘old maid’s tipple. The proselyting is also successful in teaching the American drinkers to take their tea without milk in the Oriental fashion; no effort has been made to introduce the Russian method of dinsoiving. lumps of tallow in it. Every nationality to its taste. After having mastered chile con carne and spaghetti the American people ought to be equal to anything, not excluding tea with tallow in it. We are  Bur o waar) MERICAN Curt CON CARNI. ee, i HUNGE Rare Fea i GOULASH = + [CHOP suey O; ENG USM " uM PUDDING SPAGHE TT: | CEYLON TE FRENCH C CHEESE {s<} JAPAN TEA NY » S (aa ss — = = Ed et— ~ / GEE — 7 > = Y < ~© Robust on cosmopolitay diet. growing more cosmopolitan in our tastes. A more varied bill of fare is offered in this country than in any other. Immieee has introduced everything from ge pete plum pudding, which came first, to Hungarian goulash and Mexican beans and red peppers. The Eng’ish are tea drinkers. They can tell the difference between teas by the flavor. Few Americans can; they are as ignorant in this matter as they are about wines: and it is an ignorance that they are not ashamed of; for tea is tea to the American taste.  Bicycles occupy only a small place in the world of transportation now. They have disappeared from earth almost like  ancient Babylonian Bicycles, cities, leaving traditions behind, Will Automobiles automobiles do the same? Well, they and Horses. ought to quit smelling so bad and making so much neise. The bicycle wss doomed from the first because it was not self-propelling. This is an age of laborsaving. Did the bicvele save labor? No; and it reduced avoirdupois so rapidly that it made its male admirers skinny enough to enter the jockey profession and its feminine devotees became what are called in feminine nomenclature “frights.’’ Such an intensity of concentration was necessary to keep to the best of the road that it fixed an expression in the countenance that was not  arige sree Automobile scorching will do the same. The automobilist who is overly “addicted’’ to the automohile becomes visibly plainer of feature every day. One can't be handsome and seoreh—too many wrinkles and too mucn protuberance of the eyeballs. The bicycle Was exacting. It required more attention in its operation than driving a horse, In driving yeu may look about and observe the scenery; the herse can be depended on to do epmernie In cycling you must look for glass and rusty nails. The miotocycle relieves the muscles of the. legs, but who cares to ride on a machiné that sounds like a rapid-fire gun in the midst of battle? Shali we ever get away from the horse, after all?  “Late autumn days, with the spur of frost in the early morning hours,’ says Olly Carte’s diary. ‘“‘Bright sunshine, the  breezes calmed, fad Notebook ing away to a faint breath—the seeming  Jottings. of distance lent to  every sound—-wisps  of cloud in the sky—all these aspects of Indian summer change countenance of the Fair—people linger in the sun instead of avoiding it—shady spots all empty and chill looking—landscape gardeners can put benches in straight, stiff rows without further criticism—hope they are ri ee always supposed benches were to sit on instead of to be used for decorative purposes. Temperature brings rest to the stands where ‘ice-cold’? drinks are sold— orangeade still giveth its bright color in the cup—turbid as the Colorado river in Texas after a rain—if orangescs were blue or green wouid people drink it as readily?—Is a fine color an aid to popularizing drinks, grape juice or tomato catsup, for ipstance?—If I were a manufacturer I should make tomato catsup its natural light brown color—then I should 