Exposition. There will be assembled the representatives of the nations of the earth, state and local dignitaries and distinguished speakers and personages from all parts of the country. At the crowning moment President Roosevelt, in the White House at Washington, will touch the button and start the machinery of the Fair.  The programme has been so arranged that the officials who have made the Fair a possibility will be the first to arrive at the monument. The other dignitaries will follow. Meanwhile there will be an elaborate programme of music by the bands stationed on platforms near. Secretary of War William H. Taft will be escorted to the monument by a platoon of cavalry. Prince Pu Lan, the heir apparent to the Chinese throne, will also arrive escorted by two Jefif guard outriders. .  President Will Press Button. |  Ex 'y at noon, during the singing of the national anthem, President Roosevelt at Washington, D.-C., will Bress the tton and 1020 flags wi.jbe simt furled to the air, and {iigam Water will gush from the great Cascades and the World’s Fair will be on.  The spectators who will assemble to witness the ceremonies will be distributed in a semicircle about the monument. The addresses will be made from the rostrum of the Louisiana monument; the speakers facing the north. The notables and distinguished guests will be seated immediately in front.  P. V. DeGraw, Eastern press representa tive for the World’s Fair, returned yesterday from Washington, where he completed arrangements fer the reception of the news~ of the opening at the White House. At exactly high noon President Francis will press the gold operator’s key which will signal the operator stationed In the east room of the White House that everything is in readiness.  The key used by President Roosevelt in signaling the opening is the same used in the opening of the Columbian exposition at Chicago. The same arrangements which heve been made for conveying the first telegraphic communications to Washington from the president’s stand have also been made in Festival hall, in case the weather should make it impossible to hold the cere monies »utdoors.  Many Notables Will Speak. _ The programme to be carried out at the Louisiana Purchase monument, as given in the Gronm-Democrat yesterday, will include -an invocation by Rev. Dr. Frank Gunsaulus | of Chicago and addresses by President LL 