Attractions of The Pike Too Much for Money Changers. ,  The mysterious disappearance of the money changers employed by the World’s Fair department of admissions at the Lindell entrance Saturday night and the simultaneous disappearance of an inspector and an employe in charge of the change department of the admissions bank, will probably be investigated by Exposition officials to-day. As a result a number of persons may be disciplined or dismissed.  According to the statements of those who reported the occurrence, the money changers employed at the Lindell entrance closed their booths and went out tor a good time early Saturday night, at an hour when the gates were busiest. Their disappearance was discovered by Division Inspector J. M. Taylor, who instituted a search for the missing employes. The men explained that no  | change had been delivered to them, and as there was no way of obtaining any funds except through the admissions department’s bank above the World’s Fair national bank, ney concluded to cfose for the evening, despite the fact that | there were long lines of persons waiting > to obtain the half dollars necessary to | gain admission through the coin-slot turn| stiles.  It was stated that Inspector Kennett, who was supposed to be on duty at the time, had also gone sightseeing, leaving | the money changers to do as they pleased. Mr. Taylor is i sags to have | lecated Kennett on The Pike, blissfully unconscious of conditions at the Lindell entrance,  While the crowd outside the gates clamored for change, Mr. Taylor hurried to the department bank to ascertain why the half dollars had not been delivered to the change booths. Here he 4iscovered that George Pelzer, the custodian of the funds, had also locked up and left his office to ‘‘do”’ the sights. It was not until! late that ra that Mr. Taylor succeeded in getting the department in running order again, Meanwhile, the crowds of World’s Fair visitors who reached the gates unprovided with half dollars hail te either wait at the change booths for hours or search for change in the neighboring saloons and gardens, 