SS SSeS SS SR SS ep An Expert’s Notes on  World’s Fair Pictures The British Section—Room 70.  In order to begin the review of the pictures in the galleries devoted to the col-, lection pt British art, weprefer to start with one of the smaller rooms. The one we have selected is) number 79, on the ground ‘plan. We do this chiefly because it happens to coritain works of a few thoroughly representative painters which are so conspicuously representative of the school as a; whole, that a point-of view ean be obtained from which we can more advantageously judge of the remainder of the collection than if we began with the largest room.  In the central position on the line on the south wall of room 70 is a large lifesize portrait of Sir David Stéwari,. late provost of the town of Afoenngen in Seotland, by Mr. William Quilier-Orchardson.  | We have not the slightest hesitation after | frequent visits to this superb masterpiece in portraiture, in saying that it is the | greatest portrait in character, color and | treatment that, in our estimation at least |has been produced-during the last fifty lyears. A similar conviction On the part of those even who have no pretensions to | be judges of art can not, we think, but be also arrived at if they will, without prejudice, make a conscientious study of this remarkable work;  The leading characteristic of all Mr. Or chardson's work is the absolute restraint to which, throughout his whole career, he has subjected himself, so that there shall be no undue intrusion of the ability or the acquirements of the artist himself. In other words, his portraits are #s impersonal as it is possible for a picture to be. Not only that, but he also eliminates from his representations any accentuation of the position in life, or the honors which have been conferred upon his subject, nor does he care for the exploitation,.of mere habiliments, uniforms, insignia of officé or other ephemeral paraphernalia, which are-so much affected. by the majority of portrait painters. “In the present case the color of the velvet robe. magnificent though iit is, is subordinated entirely to ihe search for and ‘the representation of ,the character and endowments, physical and mental. of his subject. The gold medallion of office and the chain by which it is suspended armerged almost entirely in the rich and beautiful color of the sable collar.  Any one who is able to recall the portrait of -M.: Bounat, by many credited with being the foremost portrait painter 6f men in France, of Cardinal Lavigieri exhibited at the world's fair in 1893, will at once apprehend the vast difference between the view points of the two artists The red stocking, the robe purposely arecg dp to show it, the bright silver shoe buckles, the loud cry of the reds and purples, the silver ink stand and) the important looking raw-white official papers, will be in a position to judge which method is to be preferred, the bringing out of the characterand using the accessories only as a means of contributing to its decorative qualities, instead of their being forced into prominence In order to help out the ine of its avocations by such extraneous aids. 7  The important features of the design before. us are the head and the frame of | the man himself. He is made to wear his honors lightly, or at least inconspicuously as possible, as if he considered them not | at all. He magnifies his office, and these mere incidental trappings, used as they are for their color and artistic eine only, are made to appear as being to the wearer “the commonest. things to sense,"’’ so subtly and so tastefully subordinated are they to the personality.  How -detached and. splendidly modeled are the ‘head and face; and how much a part of ‘both is the beautiful and sympathetic ear. The refined and noble profile, the quiet, thoughtful, tolerant, equable in temperament, unaffected by personal interest; gray-blue_ eyes. The eye of a capable’ man of affairs, a-man of honor, a self-respecter without Knowing it, and a lover of man sand of the ites, zood. There is a finely human absence of personal preoccupation or self-consciousness in the expression of the hand that’ hangs so .easily beyond the arm of the chair. Is it not susgestive of a mind untouched by personal interest or prejudice, while the owner of it listens to the communication which is being made to him..*The other hand, which has been brought round and is resting on the lap,, holds an open letter. the subject matter of: which is evidently under consideration. : It is also. finely drawn. How ‘the raw-white of the paper is got rid of by the simple device of showing only its under side, which is toned up by the reflection of the red of the robe. The fine notes of black that are of such value in=holding i check any color stress that might result from.the great ‘expanse of red, together with the rich brown of the fur. That inch and a half of black, and the toneddown white of the lace cuff of ‘the official dress, are of infinite value. The ink bottle, a common unspillable office ad-— big how wisely it is selected, mSt only | or the contrast within itself of the ink in the bottom and the cone with’ the’ clear dull gray silver of the glass, but the use again made of the black’ of the ink. The shoes and black stockings and quiet silver buckle with central black  bon are another important color balance just where they are wanted to cool both carpet and robes. The left foot very finely modeled, very human, and its quiet pressure on the floor, gives stability to the figure, while’ again ts lower asgen and possible monotony of stillness s relieved by the projecting. right foot, only an inch in breadth of black leather being revealed: the different tone of the brown of the sole being used to cool and ver the brown of the fur.  The beautifully shapes turquoise-blue Sevres card receptacle, is so far removed that it does not attract the. attention. Even the map is toned down witb a agg ry portion that kills the white. The table cloth, a dry apenry surface of yellow, with brown owers near the robes, toward the onae of the frame ts made more bra 4 ecorative with red and blue’ flowers. These are finely painted and very delicate in color. They remind one of Whistler's paintings of such accessories at his best. The subtle and refined flesh-tones of the beard and mustache, and its perfectly refined color, just: enough to balance the head, and no more,’ are most. suitably designed, and in perfect tone. How finely the gradation of.  ithe delicate skin of the bald head is) or ae ab] the shouti we now call up the shouting, though healthy and splendid red, of the poke bustious Roybet in the Joan collection,’ ard compare it with the restrained richness, splendid play of lights and shadows of this, from an art point of view, triors pee robe of Mr. Orchardson, we tween an anxiety to display color faculty : y co ty and mere dexterity, and the absolute com = = t e. wits 4 