Because the Philippine World's Fair | commission has cfficially described them | = MO the girls of the Visayan Village at the Fair are ‘very angry,” they said, and “won't go to school no more.”  Teresa Ramirez, one of two sisters who went to school in their home at Iloilo before they came to America and learned to speak English, has written a letter to Herbert Stone,-ehlef of publicity for the Philippine commission, protesting against the description of her, her sister and her friends. She says they are civilized a whole lot brighter than many Americans who call to sée them, and certainly a great deal more polite.  The objectionable description is in the official pamphiet describing the native Philippine schoel. The Visayans attend this from 9 to 10:30 o'clock every morning and the Igorrotes, Moros and Negritoes from 10:30 to 11:30. Miss Ramirez does not object to having the three latter tribes called savages, but she thinks it is going a little far to sneak so of the Visayans.  Mr. Stone has promised to see that the mistake is corrected. The letter he received is as follows:  Aug. 19, 1904.—Mr. Herbert Stone, Chief of the Publicity: Dear Sir—In reading over the Phillppine Exposition book, 1 noticed you say that all the pupils that go to the Medel School are savages. But not all, I think, because, as 1 have seen that the Visayan people are more polite sometimes than some of the Americars that come. around. .  1 think if you will come here in our little village and see our market, church and theater, and also see the Americans when we sing the “Star Spangled Banner” you would not be able to say those words. For myself, the Visayan people can do much more fancy work than some of your people here. Like our Jusi. Pina, Sinamay and embroidery manufactures, hats. mats and some objects that are carved by hand, you will say ‘“‘wonderful work.” IT say this because some of your neople that have been here in our place hare said every time these words, “‘IMd rou ever!” So 1 know that some of the Americans can’t beat the Visaran people.  ‘At this time 1 will mention that most of the people ask so many foolish questions. And Ul say that they are very ignorant people, because they will ask you some questions, and after you have answered all ther will turn their backs witheut saying good-by or thank yen. And I will say also that all the Filipines in our village are very angry to be called savages and ask me to have you change it. Some are so mad thes won't go to school no more. Yours truly, TERESA RAMIREZ.  Pe ae Oa AR me NT NH 