— /  Member of English Parliament Who Forced Passage of Laws of Relief Against Landowners Arrives Ahead of Time With Colleagues.  WILL ADDRESS COMPATRIOTS  AT THE COLISEUM SUNDAY  Many Entertainments Planned and He Will Divide His Time as Guest of Archbishop Glennon and R. C. Kerens During His Stay.  John Redmond, the Irish patriot, accompanied by A. P. Donnellan and Patrick O’Brien, members of the English parliament, who have taken a conspicuous part in the present home-rule movement and who will speak at the Coliseum Sunday night, are at the Jefferson Hotel.  Mr. Redmond, in an interview with the Post-Dispatch, said that he and every other member of the Nationalist party felt England was now ready to accord Ireland ‘a material degree of home rule.  “Of course, we have gained nothing that we have not fought for,” said Mr. Redmond.  “The people of Ireland have never wavered in their hope of overcoming everr obsiacle to home rule presented by the English government, or its representatives tn | parliament. ,  “The great land act passed last year virtually appropriates for the time being. XE of Ireland the enomnous sum } 000.000. This money is being loanad |  woes, under the auspices of three govern,  ment commissioners, to the tenants, wi o|  in turn are thue enabled to buy out the landlords.  “The money is paid back in yearly instaliments by the tenants, and these payments are less than the rent which formerly they were obliged to pay  “Interest at the rate of 34 per cent is made on these loans—trate which we consider most reasonabie.  Landlords Feared Land Seizures.  “One of the greatest obstacles to home rule was the opposition of the landlords. The landlords said that with home rule, | or the establishment of an Irish parilament, their lands would be confiscated. There can now be no such objection raised.  “On the coming election depends a great deal.  “The election may be caHed now at any time. and we hope to secure a campaign fund sufficient to meet our needs. I should gay that for the whole of Ireland and some Einglish districts, for in some seats outside of Ireland the Irish residents hold the balance of power, about $75,000 is needed.  “This is less, I believe, than is spent by elther of the parties in the municipal election In New York.”  This is Mr. Redmond’s first visit to St. Tavis.  tn the English parliament Ireland has 10 representatives. Of these 86 are members of the Nationalist or home-rule party. At the coming election Mr. Redmond expects an increase in, the representation of the Irish members, so that he thinks the Nationalists likely to hold the balance of power.  It was planned to have the party met at Union Station by Edward Devoy, R. C Kerens, Col. Moses CC. Wetmore, Patrick J. Kelly and others at 9:4 this evening. but aw they arrived earlier than expected 0 Sapa Sc Lecer al patice ateinalalng iilageity aig lncone -aaeeinata ope 