Rulers of World’s Fair society have met in conference and decided that the decollette dress must go. The announcement of Mrs. David R. Francis to the effect that she would not appear in low-neck dress at Exposition functions was not made en‘tirely upon Mrs. Francis’ own decision, according to advices handed down by the social strategists of the state and foreign colonies of the World’s Fair yesterday.  For some time the ladies haye discussed the advisability of putting the decollette on the shelf. It was an inconvenience, so the ladies argued, for frequently when they attended functions sequiring the brevity in attire, they were compelled to appear in public places afterward. Some of the ladies, particularly hostesses of _state buildings, find it necessary at times to re‘turn to their quarters and work after they have enjoyed the pleasures of an official reception or a course dinner. |  Informal discussions was followed by a serious conference. Mrs. Daniel Manning, president of the Board of Lady Managers, was asked for an ee She said that ~~~ necks have always been the rule at the Paris exposition. If they can wear high necks in Paris, said Mrs. Manning, St. Louis car surely wear them.  Mrs. Norman E. Mac, member of the New York commission, was one of the chief entertainers at the Pan“American Exposition. High necks were the rule at the Pan-American, according to Mrs. Mack. The reason was the same as {fs advanced in St. Louis: the necessitv of peri J in public = after the formal functions.  But those who i gy high neck advance this point: If the decollette is wrong fn one places, such as a state or foreign building. a hotel lobby or the theater, why should it be right at a formal function? Opposition  Is General.  One faction of World's Fair society maintains that the low-neck, that fs, the very low-neck dresses that have been seen at some of the Exposition functions, are dangerously close to the ban line.  “I am opposed to the decollette.” said one state hostess yesterday, “because, as a rule, the scrawniest women wear lewneck dreses when the opportunity offers.”  "In the name of goodnesy’ added the hostess, “don't use my name with that quotation. I might lose some of my best friends.”  Mrs. Fitch Applebees daughter of Secretary Ball of the New York commission, {s one World's Fair society woman who thinks that the decollette should be 