——_—__—__+0o____—__ In their determination to send back the geisha girls who have been working under contract at the World’s Fair, the Japanese commission appears to be actuated solely by a high sense of obligation to preserre the good name of the Japanese in this country and to protect the girls from the possibility of degradation and misery. Their view is that they are responsible for the girls and that the inducements to stay here which have captivated them are not of a kind to justify confidence in the ultimate good fate of the girls. Whether the law shall support their efforts or not, the motives of the Japanesé commissioners command respect and their purpose invites thé sympathy of right-feeling men and women. If it were a question of political or personal freedom the case would be different, but it is a case of guardianship in rich the Japanese who are trying to send the girls home, regard them as their wards for the time being.  . 9 _MAKE IT THOROUGH.  Prosecufing. Attorney Johnston of St. Louis County complains that little direct testimony has been offered to = port the charges of gambling.  The confession of Wallace O'Reilly opens the way to get testimony. Mr. Johnston admits that he has “heard” of some of the men mentioned by OReilly, as interested in gambling a, and the confession probably affords clews to all the savage and vicious games and swindling practiced west of the Fair grounds.  It appears to be merely a question of energetic and intelligent investigation; a grandjury inquiry properly directed with  the aid of a prosecuting attorney bent on doing his duty without fear or favor will yield good resulia.  There has been too much reluctance; teo much emphasis placed upon the difficulty of getting evidence; too much blind ness to conditions flagrantly criminal.  With O’Reilly’s testimony to start with, the grandjury should be able to get on the track of the criminals and find indictments. With energy and a deverminaiion to a to conviction the proseetting atiorney can probably make a thorengh job of it.  Oe eg a eet is ant. a 