J ai mae ieexd eS eS eee : = LETTERS FROM THE P . a “a GUARDS SHOULD BE POLITE. # To the Editor of the Post-Dispateb. = The lady signing herself “A Mother’; knew what she was wet = about when she wrote about the treatment she received at 4 ae A.J entered the Mussum of Pine Arcs 1 wae Initial th 3 I must leave my umbrella at the door. As the guard took th — umbrella, I remarked: “] guess | will get ft when I come out! 4 Imagine my surprise when he blurted out: “I don't know whethe — ; you will or not!” On my way out I heard an elderly genUsma arguing about the loss of his umbrella. see. is how the guar “handed it to him: “Ob, I would not make much noise ane 3 an umbrella if I were you, if 7 can't find your own, take th 4 best one you can find!” i could mention more inctvility on th particular guard's part. ret B tatnks enough ro written to convince — 3 any unbiased person at t gue lacks e essential 3 which his position requires. wM. MeDONALD. 5 +o g WOMEN HAVE BRAINS. = To the Editor of the Post-Dispatch. = I notice in one of the morning papers that Mrs. Manning, pres ¢ board of lady managers of World's Fair, refused to alla ~ a to assist in auditing accounts at the Fair under t ; plea that “a woman was not capabie.” Is it possible that Mr | Manning has been elevated above her sphere, either through ¢ ror or favoritism, or is she the only woman in America possessir | brains? 1 am a bookkeeper for a large corporation, and [ a sure I would not be retained if I did not have 5 head {fice | Se ; TOO MANY CIRCULARS. : To the Editor of the Post-Dispatch. “Will you be kind enough to tell me what to do with all the a | yertisements that are put at the front door? We are asked = heen eteat; but dt would keep one busy picking up circuiars a ‘ other advertisements. 1 have been thinking of bangra.2 bask 3 at the front door. MRS. I. Ek 2 WORLD'S FAIR CASCADES. E Ts the Editor of the Post-Dispaten. Z This morning’s papers state that the executive committee = the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Co. propose to operate th — Cascades only four hours each day, for fear that the oo = will become commonplace. What on earth can they be : or? Z The idea of such a thing becoming commonplace is unwort? E even if we were to view it every day. Might as weil talk 4 Niagara or the ocean becoming commenplace. 2 GEO, M. SPALDING Paar Alo, PASS Sel i, 2 “AT HALF-MAST.”" 4 To the Fditor of the Post-Dispatch. 4 Why does the St. Louis Republican Club, Olive street, fly eS half mast the dirty, smoky remnant of what was once the fi 3 of our country? For the first three months of 1904 the flag, to z by winds into strips, still fluttered and though ot wi Z colors all gone and blackened by months or years of smok seemed trying to proclaim, “the flag was still three.” Are t 4 Sopke and the World’s Fair visitors to understand by this r 4 that the hopes of the Republican party of St. Louis are at “hy mast,” or that the club has “thrown up the sponge?” 4 Pes a eS : MR. FOLK AND THE TICKET. To the Fditor of the Post-Dispatch. , | an Mr. Folk is running for governor, and for no other office, Z has nothing more to do with any other office than any — ; citizen. It would be an unaparalleled usurpation were Mr. J 3 dictate the other nominees on the ticket, and it would be : = justice equally without parallel to hold Mr, Foik ey = such nominees. The talk of collusion between Mr. O28 uss machine ts silly political twaddle, snatching at straws in th 3 dying struggle of the boodlers. If Mr. Folk should be the nominee for governor on the Den ~~ cratie ticket (and I beliéve he will be) he will be elected = ; overwhelming majority, even if every other name on the tic) — be scratched. L‘/AMI DU PEUPLE —_— 2 —_____——= A VISITOR'S EXPERIENCE. : s To the Editor of the Pag dae go 2 I read with interest your editorial, “Treat the People Righ in last night's issue, also the letter written by “A Mother” = Tuetsday's issue. I was at the Exposition ‘opening ig & and ¥ z surprised and disappointed at the utterly inadequate facilities Z ‘| the ordinary comforts of the general public. I was : good deal, in a number of the pulang but not until n + o'clock,could I find a place to get a drink of water, and that : one faucet in the Missouri state building. Tnere was beer ¢§ grape juice of sale, but no water, either free or for money; 4 when one wants wdter they want water! I failed to discover ¢ lavatory, free or otherwise; and resting places, none, save s0 disearded packing boxes and lumber wy Of these common. necessities there sh be an abundance, and outside of nearly every building, both free and for i | cost. ’ “A VISIT —~_—— MAH OS , SUNDAY CLOSING, To the Editor of the Post-Dispatch. Did Congress intend that on Sunday the Fair should exch || the laborer and workingman, the business and professional wr who toil all week, and, on the other hand, permit the admiss {of World's Fair officials and their guests—recently members ‘| the national commission, senators and congressmen, who, as rm resentatives of the United States government, should be the fi »| to observe the requirements of Congress? The toiler, the man of family and of moderate means, is exclu¢ from the grounds. Not only are he and his family Sapewee of : || opportunity of broadening and improving their minds by see! and studying the treasures of art, science, commerce and ind || try, but he and those who are dear to him are even —s: pleasure of the recreation which a walk along the outside 1 magnificent palaces, beautiful gardens a lagoons affor : Is it right, is it consistent, for these World's Fair officials a their guests, to not only enter the grounds, ‘put be amused Sundays by such “Midway” attractions as wet etc., while their fellowmen are deprived of rights ich equally entitled to? 