WORLD'S FAIR ROMANCES Interesting Feature of Tomorrow’s Sunday Post-Dispatch Elaborately Illustrated.  Two color pages, vivid and true to life, constitute tomorrow's addition to the Sunday Post-Dispatch series of “The World's Fair in Colors.” One pictures perhaps the quaintest and most curious human habitations on the Fair grounds. The other illustrates the early stages of one of the greatest and most useful of human.inventions as represented at the Fair.  The story of an astonishing scientific experiment at the World's Fair is told and illustrated in tomorrow's Sunday PostDispatch. The air is to be robbed to enrich the earth. A strangely mingled promise and threat of blessing and curse to the human race accompany the experiment. Incidentally, also, there is great peril confronting the experimenters.  A novel World's Fair romance constitutes another feature. It is a romance in which love and advanced views regarding food go hand in hand, but with love leading the way. Many thousands will be especially interested in this unusual story, and everyone will wish long life and happiness to the young husband and wife of whom the story teils  A certain picturésque character of heroic proportions has emerged from an almost literal hell into the civilization of the first World's Fair of the twentieth century. His story is one of the strangest true stories possible to the living genertion of man. He is destined to be more widely talked about than any other human being at the World's Fair. He has undergone experiences that crazed and killed hundreds of other men in his time.  ‘His story in tomorrow’s Sunday Post-Dispatch reads like an epic of the old ees = 70a days, with a touch of Dante's Inferno added.  The brilliant achievements of a priest and scientist very’ dear to old Uncle Sam's heart are told and pictured as well. He is a remarkable character now in St. Louis, a student, and yet a man of the most helpful practicality. a clergyman, and yet a savant who uses science as religion's handmaiden for the benefit of the human race. He has done some wonderful things —and the prospect for his future gore that he will do more wonderful things still, all for the good of humanity.  An autobiographical confession by a criminal well known in St. Louis, compieted just a day or so before his execution for the murder of the wife whom he met and married in this city, constitutes a notable addition to the literature of crime. It tells ealmly and graphically of the commission of perhaps the most dreadful sin possible to a main. It carries its own lesson of the sure punishment of the criminal and of the futility of evil ways.  In the very heart and brain centers of the American army—the war department at Washington and the United States Military Academy at West Point—an unhappy story involving a retired army officer and a ie stenographer is now arousing the iveliest comment. A final decision as to the case of the officer whose honor is concerned is yet to be made. The full facts of the story as developed to date are set forth in tomorrow's Sunday Post-Dispatch, profusely illustrated.  Panhandle Pete, Lady Bountiful and her “kids,” the Newlyweds, Mr. and Mrs. Buttin, Phyllis, the wonderful maid—all these funny folk—have funny adventures in the Sunday Post-Dispatch Funny Side in colors tomorrow. Some especially astonishing new, strange and curious things in and about St. Louis are pictured and described. The Home Page is bright and beautiful. Tomorrow's “Sunass Post-Dispatch will be an exceptionally attractive oe ~ Sema newspaper and magazine com ned.  Pe: ALY tee eed LE 