, ? TWENTY-FIVE YEARS }| | FROM TODAY IN ST. LOUIS BY 0. B. JOYFUL. (rom the Post-Dispatch of Nov. 12, 1929.)  In looking over our files for November, 1944, we find that Theodore Roosevelt, then President of the United States ard President-elect, had accepted an invitation from the Louisiana Purchase Exposition to attend the great World's Fair then being held under its auspices, and that he had promised to. bring with him and place on Qisplay the celebrated “Big Stick’’ which had made him internationally famous. This stick was the weapon which -Mr. Roosevelt, who whos a very  baweg party, used to flourish in the fac of other nations, kceping them in a state of constant apprehension, ard much curiosity was expressed by our people concerning what it looked like; consequently the advent of the President was awaited with considerable interest.  This morning Mayor Kalter Aufschnitt, through his secretary, Finnan Haddle, issued an order suppressing the sale of all dime novels bearing such titles as “Fearless Fred, the Skyey Scudder; or the Fate of the Pirate Airship."” The mayor believes that such Uterature !s harmful to the minds of our young people and should not be tolerated. He belleves that the perusal of such thrilling tales as these—too often founded on fact—is Ikely to lead young boys to run away from home (there have,  . In fact, been several recent cases of this kind) to follow the life of am airship pirate on the high seas of ether. The order will be rigidly enforced by Chief of Police Raussmitt Heim.  Willie Chaser, a misguided or misinformed youth from St. Charles, was fined $25 by Judge Sokum Goode this morning for spitting on the sidewalk. This is the first time there has been arrest of this kind in St. Louis for fifteen years.  In the humorous column of the Post-Dispatch of this date twenty-five years ago today in St. Louls we observe this little verse:  In the days of Edward Butler, Where were politicians subtler? Aw, g’wan!  We have no means of knowing, but we suppose this verse has reference to a celebrated statesman of that day, who, although a white man, was the leader of a great and powerful tribe of Indians known as the Repeaters, and who, it is said, laid in a fine large line of cutlery that year for the purpose of knifing certain candidates who were not to their liking. 