th be] a oo Zealous Custodian Drew Revolver on Equaliy Zealous City Detectives Who Were Guarding It.  | The $250,000 necklace in the Varied Industries building at the Fair was the center of a sensation late Friday afternoon,  Two detectives who were suspected of having designs on the necklace were “held up” by the custodians of the precious ex-| hibit.  There was a revolver play and much excitment and a few arrests.  The curtain descended on the comedy of errors with everybody apologizing to everybody else. |  The trouble was all due to Detectives Lally and Mullin guarding their sane sinc too zealously.  Both became detectives at the beginning of the Fair, and neither particularly looks’ the part. Mullin, especially, is slight and Gapper, and looks more like anything else than a detective.  Thought Detectives Were After the Gems.  Three days ago they were assigned by Acting Chief of Detectives Walsh to keep their eyes on the necklace, which contains 690 diamonds and other rare stones, most of them having historical associations.  The stones were gathered and the necklace is owned by Maurice Brower of New York. The necklace was illustrated and described in the Post-Dispatch Sunday Magazine of last Sunday.  They did not make themselves known to Mr. Brower nor to his assistant, Eugene A. Kohut.  Hanging around for a couple of days they  attructed the atiention of Brower and Kohut, who regarded their actions as suspicious. Late Friday afternoon there were a good “many people looking at the jewels, and the detectives pressed in close. Mullin got so close that Kohut made up his mind that he and Laily were on the point of grabbing the necklace and making off with it.  Kohut drew two revolvers and leveled them at Muilin, commanding him to throw up his hands.  Mullin ¢id.se. He says he had his star in his hand, where Kohut could have seen it. but Kohut was too busy watching Mullin's eyes to take stock of what he had in his hands  Lally tried to espiain. “That's all right,’ he said “This man's my partner We're here on business.”  All 9f this did not tend to greatly enlighten Kohut and Brower. When it finally dawned on the detectives tuo break the news to the exhibitors that they were detectives the revelation came so iate that it found Kohut and Brewer skeptical! They said they would have to be shown. Meantime Kohut made it inconvenient for the detectives to do much showing by keeping his revolvers -eady for service she “ w <aberaak Guards came up and added to the excitement by blowing their  snisties lustily wen the midst of the excitement Milan H. Hulbert chief of manufactures, hurrfed to }. the nter of the group He had misgiv-j. ings about Lally and Mullin being detive ind Hned up with the exhtbitors Toa reeult was that when the detectives  z ® r ttentit and were  enabled by the lowering of Kohut's artil-|  t the wuthority they az-] res \ Hiulbert on the charge of tnThe Detectives  Arrested Mr. Kohnt.  7 n to the police station ’ i © Bren, assistant to Acting  ‘ \ heard what had happened | iinibert i ectives thought about | ~~ became convinced that it/ ’ them to do something  » heis t dignity . T —_— k the Varied Industries bullcing i arresicd Brower and Kohut By the time t y reached the station with them Chief Waieh had come in. He immediately released the men |  After they had slept everybody realized | that they had been mistaken and they | put in the forenoon hunting @¢ach other up and apologizing  * view of all of which the World's Fair detectives will probably either be coached to get acquainted with exhibitors cr drilled in saying, right fast, “Don’t shoot! I'm a detective!” eee ee King Onciegian’s Physician Summoned  COPENHAGEN, sg 23.—Prof. Schou, body surgeon to King ristian, was <ummoned today to Schwerin. where the King ig staying. Prof. Schou left before noon.  Spiritualism.  independent spirit See Gactle pene fight, Howard Hall, cor. Sua:* day evening. of ohh ony, ee See ee j.2% + Pres. 6 ee Op  Se Lin ae eee £ eas ‘9 aes 