THE CLIFF DWELLERS. An Interesting Exhibit of Strange People on the Pike.  Probably ene of the most interesting shews at the World's Fair is the native pueblo of Cliff Dwellers on the Pike. This is in charge of Mr. W. Maurice Tobin, who is said to be America’s best-known exhibitor of the world’s atrengs people.  “he real true American will be found in this historical aggregation. These people are the direct aescendants of the Mok, and Zimi tribes, which met the >panish conquistadores 350 years ago. They come from the famous Mancos and Casa Verde canyons of Arizona_and New Mexico, and are as picturesque and interesting today as they were to the early explorers.  The Clim Dwellers’ home on the Pike is an exact reproduction of the rude habitation in the remote canyons. The exhibit is so arranged that the public can climb up the 1060-foot cliff which represents tne siuki puewo, and passing through these dwellings obtain a correct idea of Lhe habits, modes ana customs of these prehistoric people. A visitor may see them in all their industrial activity, including basket-making; a native pottery  in operation; blanket weaving; native artisans and = silversmiths plying their jcrafts, a reproduction of the famous church of San .iguel, in which a mu'seum of curios and ancient relics will be shown; the Moki catacombs showing the manner of burial of the ancient race; manne goats, burros and dogs will wander about the village, giving a touch of realism to the exhibition. in the Moki “theater the lighter side of the life will be shown; quaint bridal customs, native dances, ancient chants, a native orchesbey playing on stringed instruments made of dogs’ ribs, sheep's toes, tortoise ‘shell rattles and sun-baked squash. A |}company of boomerang throwers will \Show their skill, and the native priests will show for the first time in this coun-! try the marvelous snake dance of the! | Moki tribe. The exhibit will be com| plete in every detail, and from an his(torical, ethnological and om "an, his standpoint, will be one of the features of the World's Fair. |  The story of the meeting of these | primitive people with the Spaniards is }one of deep historical interest. It is re,lated by Mr. Tobin, who had heard it |from the chiefs of the tribe.  “Beneath the town then perched on the higher slope of the Wolp! mesa, came a band of horsemen,” he said. “Some were clad in armor and warlike. trappings badly damaged and battered by wear and tear, but impressive to the Indian, who for the first time saw tue white man. Perhaps the Mokis were hot very friendly. The warrior priest strode down the trafl followed by Bis band and drew a line of sacred meal across the path to the town, over which, according to immemorial custom, no one might come with impunity. This ‘dead line’ brought death instead to the Mokis. At the fire of the dreadful guns they fled up the narrow trail to refuge. The Sparjards dared not follow up the roeky way. but camped for the night by a spring. In white man. Perhaps the Mok!s were not down with presents of food and woven stuffs. This is the first picture of the Mokis of Wolpi, who were thus introduced to the proud Castilian. bent on reaching new lands to despoll.” | And the Indians of those days are the | Seren of the Mokis and Zunis who are now on the Pike. 