There was nothing doing in East St. Louis; Saturday. That is, after the parade had passed. Mighty near all of East St. Louis Was in the parade and only a few left to see it pass, and when it had disappeared to the westward across Eads bridge, Past St. Louis was a good deal like an abandoped city.  It was East St. Louis day at the Fair and the parade was in honor of the day, and everybody marched because of the day | and East St. Louis was deserted because | of the day.  It was a universal holiday across the} river. Business was completely suspended.  The parade started about 10 o’clock from fin ffont of the City Hall. It was in six divisions. Five thousand people were in|] line, nearly all of them were in vehicles ant on horseback, Everything on wheels In the: city and every horse that could walk had been impresed into service.  Mayor Silas Cock, who took the initia-! tive In making the arrangements for the | day, rode proudly at the head of the parade | with the City Council and city officials in | a tally-ho. Thomas L. Fekete was grand -marshal, and he was assisted by a corps of aids. The East St. Louis police force led the van and the citizens’ committee,  which had assisted Mayor Cook in |  prelimigaries, had an honpred position in  the colunin. } ‘Parade Was | a | Held First. : } Through the principal East St. Louis | streets went the parade and then across ‘the viaduct and the Eads bridge to Third  street and Washington avenue. There the  East St. Louis police turned back and a  squad of St. Louis pelice took their plates.  The principal downtown streets were traversed and the parade then moved out to the Fair. At the Parade entrance the 1200 Bast St. Louis school children who had preceded the parade to the grounds were waiting, and they marched with the paraders to Festival Hall, where the formal exercises commenced at 2 ofclock,  i President Francis delivered an address of welcome and Mayor Cook responded. | ‘The ehildren, under the direction of Prof.  M. Edwin Johnson, musical director of the {East St. Louis public schools, sang | several selections. The High Schcol Glee |Club also sang.  The school children who sang were transported from East St. Louis to Third street and Washington avenue free of charge through the courtesy of the manegsement of the East St. Louis & Suburban Electric Railway Co. !  Cars were sent to all of the schools and the 1200 children and their teachers were taken by classes across the bridge. The children were also admitted to the grounds free of charee, there was no bridge toll 