i, eal » FRANCIS AND THOMPSON.  President Francis and Treasurer Thompson were handsomely remembered by the World's Fair board of directors, when to each was presented on the Plaza of St. | Louis, near the Louisiana monument. an elaborate silver service of more then 100 pieces.  The presentation speech was made by Festus J. Wade, chairman of the committee which arranged for the gift.  The silver service given to President Francis cost $17,000, and that of which Mr. Thompson was the recipient, $15,900. This total sum of $32,000 represented the personal { subscriptions of the Exposition board of directors and prominent World's Fair cf ficials.  Several thousand persons witnessed the}, presentation, which was made immediately after Mr. Francis had concluded his speach. |  Mr. Wade, in his speech of presentation, | | ge this tribute to the Exposition presi|  ent:  “Mr. Francis was a man no money could buy and no interest control. He knew oniy one duty and that duty was to the people.  “He was appointed of God for this particular work and how well he discharged it we all know. We desire to tender him } this remembrance on behalf, not only of the Exposition directors, but all the peo! ple of St. Louis.” |  In replying. President Francis” said that for the first time the Exposition directorate had carried out a plan without consulting him or even whispering it to him.  “They have ignored my wishes.” . he said, “but I shall not veto their action. | I than kyou. I am deeply grateful. E  “For the first time since this Exposition apened I am at a loss for words to  |I thank you. I am deeply grateful.  | The silver service is elaborate in its com | pleteness. It contains something like 400  | pieces. There is not lacking anything  ‘lwhich~ could bythe farthedt stretch of  ‘|imagtnation be associated with a silver set.  lit was made especially with the fleur de  ‘llis prominent in the decoration.  Mayor Wells presented the blue ribbon emblem of a grand prize award “‘to the most valuable exhibit we have been able  |to produce from Missouri, D. R. Francis.”  When the cheering subsided, the president laughingly protested against the award. of the jury, insisting that he had not been consulted about it.  The inscription is: “Grand prize awardled to David_R.. Francis for eminent executive -ability and superior management of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, April 30 to December 1, 1904.”  A silver set identical with that presented to President Francis was presented to Wil| liam H. Thompson, treasurer of the Exposition. Festus J. Wade, in making the | presentation. said that it was iniended to express the pleasure of the directors {at the maguineyt and almost impossible i service rendered."’ | In the absence of Mr. ‘Thompson, Mr. ; Wade called on ‘tthe most distinguished citi;z,en of St. Louis and of Missouri and one | wha I hope some day to see president of the United States, D. R. Francis.”  In responding for Mr. Thompson, Mr. Franeis said: | “During all my years in business, where I have met and studied every strong man with whom I have come in contact, I have | never met a man who impressed me as  [more strong than William H, Thompson. I have een associated with him since 1399, whi. on January 10, I went to his office and asked him to help in the great | undertaking. When he finally said that) he would assist, I felt that the success of | this Exposition was assured. |  Many times when the finances were at. low ebb and we wanted to meet our bills. | he has said: “If we can not procure the |  beam in any other way, you and 1 will do it if we can.” | | President Francis alluded to the fact that  Mr. Thompson never refused ‘to sign a 