discarded at World's Fair functions.  “I think Mrs. Francis’ decision is @ good one.” said Mrs. Applebee, “and I have no doubt that all the ladies afftiliated with Exposition society will agree with her and follow her suggestion.”  “World's Fair society is bound to be cosmopolitan,”’ said Mrs. Nerman E. Mack, “and the high-neck dresses should be worn at all parties to be given in the Fair buildings. it has been a rule that has operated well at other expositions and St. Louis should prove no exception. At an Exposition function there are sure to ve ladies who will not appear in decoliette dress. If a rule is established against the low neck it will insure harmony—in the matter of women’s dress anyhow.”  Mrs. Emma D. Nuckols, one of the hostesses of the Missourt building, thinks that decollette should never be worn in publie¢ places, such as the theaters or big open receptions. At private functions, even in World's Fair buildings. Mrs. Nuckois thinks pat the ladies should be allowe4d the privilege of wearing low-necked dresses if they desire it.  Mrs. Emma J. Walsh, hostess of the Wisconsin building. thinks a woman should be allowed to wear a dress that she thinks she looks best in, whether it be low neck or high neck.  “This rule, if rigidly enforced,” er | Mrs. Walsh, “may result in all sorts 0: trouble. Maybe some of the ladi have laid in a supply of low-necked Gresses. What will they do with them?’  “I think that a modest, high-nec dress is more becoming to a Ags Mrs. Caroline Prentiss, hostess of Kansas building. “In Keneus we 6 zo much on outrageously low-nec dresses. However. the women of reas sas are independent and we would: argue for or against the rule.”  A Costly  Sacrifice.  Mrs. F. J. Conaway, hostess of the Towa building, said: “T am glad that Mrs. Francis has made the suggestion about high-necked dresses. It is somewhat in Hne with the Iowa —_ A great many women carry the decollette too far; too far down, I alge Say.  Some of the hostesses, however, lool with a suspicious eye upon this new move ment. Down in i nog pommel ments of thelr trunks they gowns of classic depth, beginning from thi top. They have counted for weeks u wearing these gowns. A high-neck po will mean trowey 1 them, for they short on high necks,  What means this agitation against the decollette? they ask. It means that 4 number of fine and expensive decollette garments will have to go to the repah shops. Remodeling will be the order ot Exposition soclety It is no wonder thes that the question ha sbeen raised in severa® | quarters: | Is the Dressmakers’ Trust back oO this latest World's Fair order?  —s -_-A A 