es CS ae First Crowds at Entrance Pass Within Grounds With Promptness Beyond Expectation.  The ease and expedition with which the crowds were handled at the various World’s Fair entrances this morning exceeded all expectations. There was not at any gate even as much delay as occurs in the lobby of a theater.  When the gates at the main entrance were opened, between 12,000 and 15,000 perSons thronged the plaza between the Wabash elevated tracks and the turnstiles.  In % minutes after the turnstiles began to click every one of this first crowd was inside the grounds.  The street cars and steam roads were working without a hitch, and a steady line of Transit cars went swinging around the loops from 7 o'clock on.  The cars unloaded as rapidly as they came upon the loop, and their passengers, passing out into the plaza leading to the main entrance, found ample room for their passage under the Wabash tracks and to the gates.  The Wabash shuttle trains, which began to run at 8 o'clock, were as well handled, although the crowds thus carried were much smaller than those which came on the trolley cars. The passengers were unloaded on the platform to the south of the main Wabash track and east of the plaza leading to the main entrance. The two crowds were so handled that there was no confusion whatever between them.  No congestion occurred at the turnstiles. for paid admissions, but the time taken to Sign passes caused lines to form at the. pass gates frequently. Disputes about employes’ passes, which were not accepted) after &:3) o'clock. also caused delays, Al) persons who tried to use these passes after that hour were sent to the labor bureau. ;  Some inconvenicnce was experienced early in the morning because of the limited number of ticket-selling booths at the main entrance. Only seven of these bootha were in operation. The others lacked something of completion, but were made ready before noon.  Forty policemen patrolled the plaza outside the grounds, and perfect order was maintained. The crowd, while it jostled and rushed for the ticket windows and  tes, Was good natured, and tnose who were pushed out of Hine laughec about it and got in again. SPP eee rege eg " rs _ Signs Painted While You Wait, Day or night Frank R. Tobin Pig. Co., ou tut street. Main S716 M, B 1405; cS ERS TSS eae: oe PS ee ea ee ee 