fire dragons leaped at him. Song promptly vacated the balcony, ry rer upon the pavement below upon his head, to his own peinful hurt and the terror of all those huddied around the entrance.  The greatest damage done by lightning occurred on the south side of Machinery Hall, where the four magnificent horses of the Quadriga eplonet inspace. A_ great lance of light sped from the clouds and pierced this beautiful piece of sculpture, telling two of the horses to the roof,  Lightning struck the northwest corner of the Worid’s Fuir police station. but the damage was slight.  The rain feil in torrents. Within a few minutes it was standing two feet deep on that part of Se eronnes about the American De Forest ‘ireless Telegraph tower, and a flood of rushing water covered to a depth of from one to two feet all the walks and openways about the Lindell entrance.  The Wabash statior afforded refuge for thousands, and there were great lines of people under the sheltering colonnades of the big exhibit buildings. The Pike shows sheltered miny others. The Transit stations, having no sides, were enfiladed by gusis of hae wattage « rain, and the crowds which ran under them were soaked.  The Utah and Lllinols buildings suffered the most damage of any of the structures upon the grounds. The full force of the storm struck the Utah bullding, and the windows upon the south side were blown in, admitting water which ruined many of the appointments. At the Illinois buliding a big leak sprung in the roof, letting a stream of water down on the furniture and carpets.  The lights at the Fair went out early in the storm, and they did2 not flash up again for half an hour. This left the grounds in darkness save for the hrilli-lightning. There were a few lights left burning on the Pike, but none of the main buildings had any. Their huge forms stood out in spectacular {mmensity when some of the great flashes of lightning revealed them out of the black night  The rain did little damage aside from that inflicted upon hillside roads and flowe~ gardens. The only severe cave-in on the grounds was at the northwest corner of the Electrical building. where the electrico} condult caved in for a distance of 5 fee: and a width of six feet.  At the Administration entrance the water was ankle deep over the walks an] the car tracks during the storm. Men egaced ia the gallantry of pickine the ladies un ered carrving them across to dry land and the ferry was very busy for a while. BELGIUM'S DOME BEATEN IN:  ROYAL SALON WAS DRENCHED  The wind beat in a part of the immense dome of the Belgium building at the Fair and blew off the cornice at each era. letting in the rain in large quantities.  The educational section was  badiy damaged, many of the fine exhibits heing wuater-soaked and completely ruined.  But what the Belgians most regret is the fact that the beautiful Royal Salon was thoroughly drenched.  This suite of rooms, which has been gazed upon with admiration by thousands of visitors was fitted up in truly royal style by the Belgian commission and has never been occupied, the expectation being thnt etther Kine Leopold or some member of the royal family would visit the Fair. Tris sufte of rooms was to be the kingly ahode.  The elegant tapestry. furniture and rugs and the costly psintings were brought from Heigium. Most of these articles are damaged and some of them are ruined.  Charlies Carrette, custodian of the building. estimates the total damage between $4000 and $5000. 