MAGIC WHIRLPOOL. An Aquatic Wonder. Which Is One of | po | the World’s Fair's Greatest | Attractions. ‘ Probably no where else tn the world can ‘be seen an aquatic marvel equal to the Magie Whirlpool on the Pike. Mr. Ed. M. Bayliss, a very noted showman, has outrivaled nature in the production of an artificial maelstrom at a cost of over $70,000. _ The famed Charydis of Ulysses’ day and the terrifying sea-giants off the coast of Norway are as painted toys compared to the creation of Mr. Bayliss. for the Magic Whirlpool of the St. Louis Exposition is elevated 60 feet in the air. It comes apparently from nowhere and swirls with terrific roay at the feet of the spectator. | Women and children enter the maelstrom and disappear and return again utterly unharmed and eager to repeat the experience. | All the accompaniments of the most evil disposed whirlpool known to fiction, are ‘these minus the danger and plus the mystery. Water comes tumbling in’ a silver sheen from an elevation ¢0 feet high and falls in a circle, around which boats aore flying. Boats crowded with passengers enter the swirl and are carried away. They appear soon at the mouth of the whirlpooi and Sweep round and round on the verge, jeeesenly they disappear onty ‘to appear again under the sheen and from thence are borne away to the accompaniment of music into a fairyland of grottoes and fountains and flowers. Mr. Bayliss has a reputation for mystifying effects with electricity jand light. His “Land of the Midnight Sun” |}was the wonder of the Pan-American, but ithe Magic Whirlpool transcends them al! jin mystery and interest. It is a veritable {scente railway, but has proved to be far | more popular than a scenic railway. for it Sives the ease and comfort of a ride in a jluxurieus boat amid cooling streams and |spraying fountains. The water for the Pet a comes from the Mississippi river, '17 miles away. Three powerful centrifugal penpe are employed, throwing 49,000 galons per minute. Five highpower electric | motors furnish the power for the pumps. The building is an ornate structure, o¢cu| pying a prominent place on the Pike and. covering about 60,000 square feet. It con| tains besides the whirlpool, fountains, ‘grot-. toes and gacdena, 2700 feet of railroad track and 2500 feet of ‘water canal. The production cost the management 399.000 for construction and there is an enormous daily “raticare for maintainance. he electric current alone costs $28,000 for the seven months’ period. New Rays Help Hearing.  Augustin Charneniier spoce recently before the Varia Academy of Sciences on the action of the N-rars epon the sense of wearing. The sensibt!):° of the aar is increased when acted unen by the N-rars of Blondlot. \. Biendlot bas recently described a new species of rays possessing physical Properties which are the inverse of the N-rays hee | ; also produce the  | dia ae neni ae ee ate, OE  ell, whereas the N-ragy increase i, 