nn eran e eer eaee esc eee eeeeecea —— -e-—-— —  Admiral Has Been Here Since Thursday, But Hasn’t Reached the Fair Yet.  Expected to Take in the Big Exposition Monday Before Leaving the City.  Although he has been in St. Louis since Thursday night, Rear Admiral Winfield Scott Schley hasn't seen the World's Fair, even from the outside. Furthermore he doesn't intend seeing it until Monday, just before he leaves for Washington.  The reason is not that Admiral Schley has any dislike for World's Fairs, or that he hasn't been a&Sked. He is keenly interested in what he expects to see Monday, but to a score of invitations he has smilingly replied, “No, I'm too busy now, wait until I get through.”  The business that has kept the admiral from attending not only the World's Fair but social functions as well, is that of the  Scottish Rite Masons who are holding their annual meeting in 8t. Louis in the Scottish Rite Cathedral, Seventeenth and Lacust streets. Friday night Admiral Schley retired thoroughly fatigued.  This is what he had done during the day:  Received the Thirty-second Degree in Masonry.  Assistted in conferring degrees from the Twenty-first to the Thirtieth on 60 candi ates.  Assisted in conferring the Thirtieth Degree on @ candidates.  Signed his name to nearly 100 identification patents for members attending the convocation.  Attended a dinner in the banquet hall of the Scottish Rite Cathedral, Seventeenth and Locust streets.  Shook hands with several hundred brother -Masons from every part of the United States and a number from Europe.  Saturday morning Admiral Schiey witnessed the conferring of the Thirty-second care by A. C. Stewart, Master of Kadosh, and heard an address by Champ Clark. Tonight he will attend a banquet at 7:30 o'clock in the Scottish Rite Cathedral, at which he will be one of the speakers.  Sunday morning, accompanied by Grand Commander Richardson of the Op tne council of Scottish Rite Masons, and Secre tary General Fred Webber of the same order, he will attend services at the Church of the Ascension. The members of the party }|. will go with Grand Inspector Collins, whose guests they are in while in St. Louis. Sunday night Admiral Schley will attend a dinner at the St. Louis Club given by Mr. Collins.  Monday he will visit the World's Fair and Monday night leave for Washington. , 