. Fy AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. ~—A large bronze clock ip being. put att  West entrance of the Moael Street. The veome which whl start Monday morning, ‘is:an eightday clock of striking design. lt is u@efeet in height and 6 feet in widtn at the base.. Tne diat. which 4°16 inches m diameter, is 14 feet from ‘the ground and is supported by a bronze framework, the sides being filled out with Diate-ciass. ‘the hands of the clock are ‘nade of scroli bronge and are 3 and 5 inches’ long: ‘The ciock proper is surmounted by three femaie  | figures.~s-feet im height, upholding a2 powétful Ught encircled with a red shade. This light can be operated. by clockwork or by hand, and wiil be lighted whenever events of civic or national importance ‘take place.’ On the west side of the pedestal, five feet from the sgcund.e a glass ~balletin board on which will be placed information regarding the nature of the event which+has caused the ‘iliumination of the red headitght. The bulletin board is lighted from within by ¢hree electria lights... ; 4  ‘—The Pike entrance to the Fair grounds re« sembled a fish market a Tmoming, as the result of an advettisement for catfish and turtles, to be put in the lagoon in Fair Japan on the Pikes One. negro appeared with. three large ‘baskets of turtles. which were ‘taken at once and placed in the Jagoan. but the layout of’ catfish ‘consisted largety of three-trich ‘specimens, most of them figeting on their backs 4 negro Asherman remarked, when his bucket: fisn was rejected, that he ‘“‘guessed he'd have to eat ‘em hisself.’*  —The erection of a band stand in the-space to be occupied by the Colorado beet sugar exhibit was begun yesterday morning. ‘The stand is 13 feet high and «immediately over the relief map of the Arkansas Valley in Colorado, where the extensive sugar-beet farms are loguted...  —On* of the most important and interesting featurem of the entire World's Fair :horticuttural exhibit.is the elaborate display ae Washington navel orange, pecbape the popular spar: on the market -today,tr-ahe California section. One-and.one-half carloads; or a total of 80,000 oranges, have been placed ‘ch display in this section! since’ the Fair opened. The outlines and decoration of the exhibit space are made of oranges. ;  —The eecoons in the Palace of.. Varied: Industries, ‘German section, is always crowded with children. The toys in this room are from ee Germany, a town Whe een is the sole Occupation of the inhabitants, which: tacalled che home of .toys: »The room is a large one; and is fuii of: toys of every  | Kind. They are exhibited by sixteen manufecturers of ‘Sonneberg. ‘The f2ature ofthe foom is the Hfé-size toy camel, led hy a a outm, ~and ey on. its back ‘an an Princess. The Princess holde a doll! tw her arms, which she is prerind with ani Orientat fan. <A_large dog is-licking the Bedomin’s hand. ‘This group is raised on a platform in the center of the nerth, wall. . Ee fiint® ects ~—it is probable that y of the State commissions will augment. tice agricukeral and | horticultural dispfays this fall by: exhibite..callected at their State and county fairs. Already | the Michigan, Montana and Maryland commissions are making arrangements to this end. | _—Coelonel Ferdinand W._ Peck ra 3 Chicago, | Commtsrtonér ;>General cf the Uni States to the Paris en nai who has just: ented « visit to ‘the World's Fair, is profuse int ae par: oe = aconeecenaee and -extent -— bee »sition. spec. y.wap he surpi a extensive displays in the Palnce of Agricature.  —Two young bucks from the Geer inclostre in Forest Park were sent tothe Fair yesterday for. the outside rime exhibit of Missouri, west ef the Palace of Forestry. rae ma Gante. They were caged in a large em crate. prevent to the main entrence in a~Genersi Service Company wagon. They arrived at the Missouri exhibit about 11 o’clock and were turned loose in the inclesure. The — hed sustained: several injuries in their ic attempts to get out of their box, but their hurts are mose painful than dangeroes, and. those in charge of the exhtbit say that they will be in perfect condition in a day or two.  —W. J. Locke, a farmer and stocir raiser of Sart antoric, ene ae (Se ee u: terday ta pa a re one Panels, Mr. Locke ‘was .born Be vi , seventy-six years:-ago.; and: offen eame to.8t¢. Louis when the place had less than 6,00) inhabitants. — = —An instrument which is probably the finest of its kind ever manufactured is“ can’ Banjo," ‘whieh has been 5 exhibition:in Biock: 76 of the 'Palsce;ot Laberal Arts. This banjo was oe Icio Congalvi  of Boston, and is constructed» of gold, silver and ivory, inlaid with mother-of-pearl and still further decotated — Lom —s G hangs, suspended the 7 Risse. case: witha ‘Fitbon of Fed, weet lue fluttering about it. * P An interesting! exhibit of -moderncandies ix shown in the British section of tae: Palace of teem wy IC & I itd. London, which house has: been == ing candles since ia canny 1581 which e to Nave made cani for use in England since the.time of bluf@ King Hai, --. chibited in the pagoda of ther Uta « mic theje. for State. shows vt flelds in’ a high state of ‘cultivation. . —— in a of the a wz ma) seen phe soil: of that part of tan where , A ppcemseny: se es, poor a a ‘an be shown the visitor are “ 