Dainty Nashville and Grim Lawrence Attract Crowds Who View Versels. CURRENT PREVENTS CALLS. Boats Dash in Before the Reception Committees Are Ready —Officers Visit Mayor and Fair.  Without warning and while official harbor boats, private yachts and immense excursion boais were waiting at their wharves for the public reception committees to arrive, the United States gunboat Nashville and the torpedo-boat destroyer Lawrence steamed up the river and anchored below the Eads bridge at 9:30 o'clock yesterday mozning.  No one expected the strangers until noon, and it was thought that by leaving at 10 o’clock local officials and the public might board their steamers and be far | @cwn the river to grect them. | The two representatives of the navy had been making good time {> spite of the seven-mile current that opposed them, and had come to anchor before any bozt had @ chance to cast looze her cable.  The Nashville, with her two great yellow smokestacks looming sixty feet above the water line, and with Pilot Bob Gaines at the wheel, led the precession up the river until within a half mile of the Eads bridge, when, like a dart from a bow, the grimy, smudgy Lawrence in her war paint of “torpedo-boat green,”’ shot past her ang cast anchors in the soft mud a hundred yards north.  With three-inch cables attached to her anchors the Lawrence could not hold the bottom, however.  “It was not that our anchors would not hold,” said Lieutenant A. M. Proctor, her commander, later, “but the bottom of the river wonld not hold”  While the Jong-pa. -out chains attached to the Nashville's anchor helped to drag them deeper and deeper in the mud, the Lawrence's anchors fouled, and the cables, affording no ballast, she was compelled to dirft away.  Once again she attempted to anchor below the Nashville, and again she failed, and, as though indignant at her reception, she broke her leash and darted down the river at a rate that made the oldest pilots stare. Lieutenant Proctor finally pacified his ship sufficiently to induce her to tle up against the Government snagboat Wright at the foot of Meramec street, where she remains.  GREETINGS BY MEGAPHONE.  | During all this time reception committees representing the city government and gentlemen who had invited private parties on beard their yachts were blowing whistics-in despair and wondering when the formal ceremonies of the day were to begin.  The little launch Outaga, bearing John T. Davis, F. D. Hirschberg and Thomas McKittrick, finally maraged to make fast next the Nashville and were enabled to inform Commander Hubbard that Mayor Wells and the city officials would be glad to see him ashore. i  In the meantime the harbor boat Mark Twain, whose name seemed to inspire happy memories among the crowds that thronged the Levee, steamed out with the following officials aboard: Captain Thomas | Cooney, Joseph P. Whyte, Harbor Commissioner E. A. Hoberg, Assistant Harbor Commissioner; Paul Young, T. E, Green, Charles Witthoefft, Robert Aull, Lather | Tennent, 8 BH. Bdwards, Thomas C. Henning, James P. Newell, J. R. McCarthy, | | Fred Widener, William Flynn dnd B J. | ONeill.  The Twain could only circle about the | ' gunboat and megaphone good wishes, | however, for the swift current and the | | new paint of the Nashville would brook | | nes familiarities. [  Captain Russell Gardner had a delega| tion of carriagemacers aboard his ho» | ‘ pitable yacht Annie Russell, and they, too, were unable to accomplish anything more | ! than quaff goof cheer to the Nashville, | ' while her orchestra played airs from the | | acerter-deck and the commander called a | ' special session of the carriagemakers to| | gether in midstream. ‘  By this time the big excursion boats | | Belle of Calhoun, the Corwin B. Spencer |! enc Providence had left thelr wharts, | | crowded with passengers.  Out among the craft shot the tug Re| | liex-ce, bearing mails to the gunboat. Cap! tain Edwin Ledger was at the wheel, and ‘ with him were Captain H. W. Brolaski of the World's Fair Navigation Company, { Hiram Phillips, President of the Board of Public Improvements; Ben Adkins, Water Commissioner; Edward <A. Hoberg, his chief clerk; Thomas B. Carter, Superintendent of City Lighting, and P. J. Cuit| ! ford. The Reliance had captured the United States mail that arrived at the harbor offices and delivered it to Commander Hubbard.  Meantime the tug Henry C. Haarstick, bearing Postmaster Frank Wyman, E. J. | § Plicher, W. K. Kavanaugh, W. F. Saun| ! ders anid other representatives of the Busi! ' news Men’s League, had steamed out and |! shouted their welcome to the ship. ’  OFFICERS MAKPD CALLS. ;  Later in the morning Commander Hub| ‘ bard came ashore, where he was met by Commander A. M. Baker, Inspector of the | ' Fifteenth Lighthouse District. 1 Commander Hubberd and the Nashville | ‘ party called upon the Mayor and made the | ' trip to the World's Fatr grounds inthe | ‘ afternoon, calling upon President Francis, | ‘ Commander Hubbard was delighted with | * hie first visit to St. Louis and much in“We never navigated in-# more obstt ; pate current,” said Commander Hubbard, 1 