ViSITING NOTABLES UNANIMOUS mg ’ | IN PRAISE OF THE WORLD'S FAIR. Distinguished Visitors Predict a’Grand Success for the Exposition—Prin¢e Pu Lun Says It’s “A Glimpse of the Rising Sun“ : —Secretary Taft Declares It Will Be Paragon of Expositions —Other Comments.  Distinguisheé visitors at the World's Fair opening exercises were unanimous in thelr expressions of admiration and predictions of a grand success for the Exposition. A few of the comments were:  Prince Pu Lan: “A glimpse of the rising sun! It typifies all that is grand in this life or the next.” ;  William H. Taft, Secretary of War: “‘The greatness of the Exposition prohibits me doing it justice in a few sentences. Without a more detailed inspection I cannot compare the Louisiana Purchase Exposition with others, but, judging from general  |] appearances, I doubt not that ft will prove to be the paragon of expositions, fulfilling abundantly the promises of this opening day.”  Governor Peabody of Colorado: “We Coloradoans rarely admit that there Is anything more beautiful than our mountains, but I, for one, am forced to admit that the World's Fair exceeds in beduty and grandeur our lofty penks clad In snow, our rich valleys and our impressive ranges.”’  Colonel Watson, the Royal British High Commissioner: “I belleve this will go Gown into history as the greatest of world’s expositions. It is beyond the power of words to describe.”’ :  Charles S. Sprague, Secretary of the Senate of the Colorado Legislature: “The World's Fair is a conjure city. It seems impossible to believe that it was conceived and builded by men. It impresses one as something breight into being by magic.”  Governor Dockery: “The opening ceremonies were ..e most inspiring I have ever witnessed. Providence was kind to us in giving us.an ideal day. The success of the Exposition is assured, and I am convinced that it will be the triumph of the century.”  Giovanni Branchi, Commissioner General from Italy: “It seems a pity that such } magnificent structures should not remain always.”  Sir Adalbertvon Stibral, Commissioner General from Avstria: “No Buropean a decade ago would have believed that there could be so magnificent a spectacle as this in your Western country, but we are rapidly becoming educated to the wonderful resources of your country and the marvelous genius of your great men.” ¥  Jules Carlier, Commissioner General from Belgium: “I have never seen anything so magnificent es that picture at the opening ceremonies. It was all so grand, so overpowering. The Americans are a great people.” :  Wong Kai Kah, Vice Commissioner from China: “The Prince tells me that he ts greatly pleased, eth with the beauty of the Fair and with his reception.”  Colonel Francisco de Souza Aguiar, Commissioner General from Brazil: “Words are feeble in describing the completed Exposition. With such a beautiful Gay as today has been, the beautiful palaces and grounds seem grander than ever.”  Peter de Abrew, Assistant Commissioner General from Ceylon: “Nature has smfled on the Exposition on its opening day. If there be anything fn auguries, surely the people of St. Louis sh~uld feel that fortune will continue to be propitious to the enterprise.””  Theodor Lewald, Commissioner General frem Germany: “Germany has always had faith in the greatness of this Exposition. After to-day the whole civilized world may see and know what St. Louls has prepared for its delectation.”  Esteban Duque Estrada, Commissioner General from Cuba: “St. Louis may well be proud of the glorious work the builders of het Exposition have achieved.” |  Mrs. Helen Bols-Hunsicker, member of the Board of Lady Managers: “Wonders have been accomplished since my last visit to St. Louls. Although I had faith in its greatness, I could not realize until to-day that it would set a standard for futufe éxpositions that can hardly be attained.”  Nicholas M. Bell, member of the World’s Fair Board of Directors: “God amiles on our Exposition. With sc auspicious a beginning we surely have a right to expect a giorious success.”  Baron Matsudaira, Vice President of the Imperial Japanese Commission to the World's Fair: “Japan congratulates St. ang the men who are responsible for this great Exposition. Sever she naires Bhibe tage the tohendhd palaces and basen tiful grounds of the World's Fair presented on this opening day.”  Thomnzs H. Carter, United States Senator from Montana and one of the United States Commissioners: “I am sure that the Exposition will be a great success, for doesn’t this enormous crowd show the interest the le feel in the World's Fair?”  Former Congressman John M. Alien of Mindlasipgl: “The World's Fuir is the greatest educational institution ever conceived. I am sce fa that the attendance from the Southern Btates will be treble that at the Chicago . for his is our Exposition.”  Myron T. Herrick, Governor of Ohio: “The state c jetion surprised me. The American people should be told that the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at this time is far in advance of any previous world’s fair.” " ;  Thomas W. Hymes, representative of Governer Odell and Mayor McCtellan, and Commissioner from New York: “The magnitude and state of completion of the Fair delight me. My expectations have been surpassed. — ‘  John G. Brady, Governor of Alaska: “Jt is up to all promises made and surpasses my tmost sanguine expectations.” .  James K. Toole, Governor of Montane: “I am very well pleased and the condition of affairs at the Exposition is far in advance of my expectations.”  Heber M. Wells, Governor of Utah: “The preparedness surprises me and the Commissioners from Utah. We had not expected to find the World's Fair in such good  Henry Roberts, Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut: “Tt is beyond the power of words to express appreciation of the magnificence of the Fair.”  T. B. Ferguson, Governor of Oklahoma: “The World's Fuir builders hare dore remarkably well, and the arrangements by St. Louis for the opening of the Exposition  are as near perfect as could be ex ected.” | S. B. Rankin, Executive Commissioner from Ohio: “Mweryone is surprised to ses ( the work 80 nearly completed.” 