ha'penny afternoon papers are acquiring large circulations, several hundred thousands of copies a day; I believe one claims 70,000. So they push each other pretty hard, and traces of your American ideas are appearing  “One other development is to be sten, which, I think, approaches the syndication of which you spoke. A London paPer. having an extensive and thorough service, will duplicate its news and disPatches to other cities of Britain, say Birmingham, where practically the same paper will be printed. In Birmingham, two, or three, or four pages of local news and advertising will have been gathered. Here is what now seems profitable co-operation in England.”  Sir Hugh ceased talking for a moment. Then, suddenly, his features lit with enthusiasm as he said:  “I spoke of the ha’penny papers of England. Only twe things I claim for myself out of my life’s work. i began the movement which has resulted in cheaper newspapers for the English people, and I have helped toward federating the press of Europe. I hope that both things will aid in perpetuating a higher journalism.  “At Middlesborough I established. some years ago the first ha’penny paper ever printed in the country in England. Later, I took part in establishing other weeklies | and dailics, anc finally became associated | in the management of the London Echo. But this first venture had in it what I esteem to have been a genuine service to the country people of England.”  In the later eighties Sir Hugh resigned from active newspaper management, He then took for his task the effective organization of newspaper workers. The underlying purpose was to unify this powerful boiy of men, so that their influence might be recognized and their standing as a profession be more definitely estabshed.  The first fruits was the incorporation in 189 under royal charter of the Institute ef Journalists. So much accomplished, his ambition extended to affiliation with similar organizations in the other European countries. The result was the International Press Congress of 18%, at which the besis was laid for a permanent international association. .  “The International Press Congress,” said Sir Hugh, “has met at intervals in the various capitals of Burope. Some of yor American journalists have been present at different times,.but in no formal way. One thing which I hope may grow out of the World's Fair Press Parliament in St.  | Louis is such a bond between the press of Europe and America.  “It is with great pleasure that I find myself here to preside at the parliament. Everyone has been so very kind to me. Do you know, it was about half-past 11 at night iast winter when my daughter roused me, saying, “There's such an extraordinary telegram come from America.” This was the invitation to preside, from President Francis.”  ‘Sir Hugh still has the telegram. He took it from his wallet, read it over: and, smiling, he added:  “T felt very greatly honored, and Y sat right down and cabled, ‘Yes.’ ”  Sir Hugh is the Member of Parliament | for Aston Manor. In this capacity he was an earnest and a foremost advocate of an international penny post. and he seconded the first motion for its adeption by the House of Commons In 1885. He is among the celebrated journalists of Europe. 