Will Close to Enable Employes to Participate in Manufactur ers’ Day Exercises,  | REPRESENTED IN THE PARADE. | | Uniformed Employes of Some | Firms Will Demonstrate the | Products and Resources of | Their Companies. } | Waarhington avenues, vas far me the lwholecale district in concerned. will be demerted tix afternoon. Everybody from | proprietor to office boy In expected to be. at the World's Wuir, assisting in making | | Manufacturers’ Day ono of the Liggent days of the Ex porition. | . Cn the grounds the office men will meet the employes of practically every bis tmantactory of St. Louls, a majority of | | which will close for the day, and an im-_ monse throng will moke the Palace of | | Manufactures their headquarters during | the festivitics |  Most of the Washington avenue houses | /have arranged to make a reprenentavion | Io the parade, which ig a fexture of t 16 | programme of the day, and either py mt | float or @ delegation of uniformed eine | ployces of the firrn will demonsirate Ui : | products and resources of their respective companies. |  Some of the employers have purchased tickets, which they have issued to thelr | men, and without exception the wholesale | commercial houses have done all in foal! bower to make the day # success, and if | success depends upon the altenaunce it is already assured,  The shoe factories will be closed for the day, end except absujuteiy necessary emi| bioyes everybouy was turned isose at quit! Ung time iast wight with orders to may | away uni the wiolste biows Monday morning, and in the meantime to be sure and visit the Falr to-day. The Peters Soe Company expects to make an elaborate display in the parude wita its meu mn uniform and with need decorated fioats. They issued Uckets to eacn of thelr employes.  The Hamilion-Brown Shoe Company, Roberts, Johnson & Rand Shoe Company and the Brown Shoe Company wiil close their factories for the day. ‘Their downtown offices will shut down between noon and 1 o'clock. The Tennent Shoe Company, the Courtney Shoe Company and tne LaPrelle Shoe Company wiil close facturies and offices at noon.  DRY GOODS HOUSES CLOSE.  With the dry goods houses thera has been a unfform movement to clogs at 1 o'ciock on Saturday afternoon during the summer season, but this understanding ended with August 1, Hecause of ° Manufacturers’ Day, with the exception of the 1, Herzog & Bro. Dry Goods Company, a i will Close at 1 o'clock tu-day. Tue bly & Walker ry, Goods Company have arranged to close at 1 o'¢.ock on Saturdays during the Sair period, and have not ultered the arrangement, which began during the early part of the suminer. Eice, Sux & Co., the Carleton rea Goods Company, the Hargadine-McKittrick Dry Goods Company, will be prompt In closing in order to give their men a cnance to get to the Fair in time to see tue purade.  The whoiesaie grocery firms huve their usual closing hour on Saturdays fixed at 1! o'clock, and to-day they have mude special arrangements whereby practicaliy every man Wili be released from duty when the clock strikes 1. J. M. Anderson & Cu., the Benjamin W. Clark Grocer Company and the Goddard Grocer Company have announced such a determinauon, and it ts expected that nearly all of their employes will be at the Fair during the afternoon.  For the Simmons Hardware Cumpauy G. W. Simmons stated that every department of their big establishment would be closed down ie the afternoon, The warehouses, wholesale departments and the downtown retail) store will close at noon, and to the emp.oyes have been = special inducements to get to the  ‘4 ae oem St the afternoon. The Norvell-Shapleigh ardware Company Will also close ail departments at noon.  The Hanion Millinery Company shuts its doors for the day at noon and the Levis-Zukoski Mercantile Compnay closes at 1 o'clock.  Of the hat manufacturers the Rothschild Bros. Hat Company and the WhiteBranch-McConkin Hat Company close at 1 o'clock, The Boogher, Force & Goodbar Hat Company have fixed noon as their  our.  The Wrought Iron Range Company shuts down all departments at 1 o’clock. They will have a display and representation of employes in the afternoon parade.  Besides the firms named reports indicate that thers is a general movement on the part of the manufacturers and representatives of not alone the more !mportant firms, but of the minor manufacturing concerns, to give as many of their men a8 is possible a half holiday at least, and the entire day if possible, and to aid to their fullest extent the effort to make to-day at the Fair a record-breaking event. 