Will spend Six Weeks Making a Systematic Study of the fair —Speak Three Languages.  One hundred Fullpino atudents from the Philppinge Islands, who arrived in the | United Btates November 9, 14, arrived tn fr. Louls yesterday morning and were Kiven a reception by the Board of Honor ary Fillping Commisslonera at the Gov¢roinent bullding in the Pollippines mee tlon yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock  The atudenta were welcomed by Rontto | Legurdis, Hresident of the Cortmimieston, | who, In brief remarks, stated that he felt  av if he were at home when he saw no many of Me countrymen. He wAmoniahed the students to make the best uae of the opportunities offered them during their lay nt the World's Fatr.  Hhort addresees were aleo made by Tomes G. det Kosario, Governor of Bajtuan, Homan taksou and Gustave Niederiein of the Philipines board  The atudenuts, who range In age from 16 to Zl yentr, were nelected by corr petitive |  ainitation from the various provinces | in the Phtioplne thande, and have been |  trending Pormene College, high sachouls, | normal and grammar schools in California | tree their arrival jn tne United States, | They will spend wix weeks at the World's | Pale, making a uyatematts study For threa hourn each dey they will te deaallied In the exhibit polices In the Philip. pine Section to expuin the exhithtg to Vieitors.  Each one of ine pasty apraks three languskes, English, Spanish and the dialect | of the province from whtoh he coines, | They are ali ciose observers, and make a |  yatematic wtudy of ail they see, are quiet, | Urarsctning and very polite,  During their stay at the FPalr they will | prohably arrunce to give museleal enter ! trinrnent~, as they bave a oris of 1M | volers, an orchestra of eighteen decppiete | 1 double quartet and mandolin elub, After the «lose of the Fulr they will enter | varloud eduentional Inatitutlons in this |  country, where they w.il spend three years In etudyl.g the arte, sciences and letters, prepucntory to returning to their rative homes, where they will use the knowledge Kalned for the betterment of their ecountry. The party ia in charge of W. A. Sutherland, Superintendent of the Fhilippine Echools. 