Austrian Ambassador to the Unilted States Says Exposition Exceeds His Expectations— Sees Nation’s Exhibits.  The Exposition wags honored yesterday by the: official visit of Baron Ladisiaus Hengelmueller von Hengervar, Austrian Ambassador to the United States, who arrived in St. Louls Thursday night.  Accompanie@ by the Austrian Commissioner General to the Exposition, Ritter Adalbert von Stibral, and tre Commissioner from Hungary, George De Szogeny,  Baron Hengelmueller first officially called | at the Austro-Hungarian Pavilion. After being received In his capacity as the natonal representative of the home Government by the attaches of the pavilion, the party was driven fo the Administration building, where the Barcen paid his Tespects to President Francis and the Exposition officials. ,  In speaking of the Exposition, the Austrian Ambassador expressed himself as highly pleased with the exhibit which had been made by his nation, and ick et he said that the Fair greatly exceeded his expectations. |  After luncheon at the German Wine Restaurant the party visited the exhibits made by Austria in the different exhibit buildings.  Last night at the West Pavilion Commissioner General De Szogeny was the host to the Ambassador, the officials of the Austro-Hungarian Commission and a arty of distinguished Exposition authorTies. Covers were laid for twenty-one. Among the guests besides Baron Hengelmueller and his party were: Archbishop Glennon, President Francis, F. J. V. Skiff Dan C. Nugent, Commissioner General Gerald of_France, Colonel Watson of the British Commission, Judze Boyle and Judge Clemens.  SENATOR CULLOM VISITS FAIR. Illinois Statesman Spends Day Viewing the Sights.  Senator Shelby M. Cullom of MIlinols spent yesterday in St. Louls, coming down from his home at Springfield, Ili., to  visit the World's Fair.  Senator Cullom arrived on an_ early morning train and registered at the Planters’ Hotel. Shortly after reaching the city he went out to the World's Fair grounds, where he remained almost the entire day, returning home on an early train last evening.  Senator Cullom expressed himself as pleased with the Fair, and hopes to return for a more extended visit at some future dats.  Flying Visit to the Fair.  John T. Morrison, Governor of Idaho, who spent the last two days at the Exposition informally, departed yesterday for his home in Bofse. Governor Morrison made e eae trip to the Fair, and no functions s honor took place during bis stay. . é 