CONVENTIONS FOR FAIR. Park Outdoor Art Association and American League Will Be Merged et Mecting.  The conventions of the American Park and Outdoor Art Association and the American League for Civic Improvement, will be held im the Minneapolis and 8t. Paul buliding, in the Model street at the World's Fair, June 9, 10 and iL  The local Committee on Arrangements met in the office of the Civic Improvement League yesterday and formulated plans for the entertainment of delegates, who will come from all parts of the United States. c  It is the intention of the local league to give a luncheon in one of the model restaurants at theFair. Mayor Wells and Park Commissioner Aull, also the Missourl Botanical Garden, are co-operating, — Wn nee will be veer ns that the delegates may inspect ¢t man beautiful i pecke and drives in St. Louis and the ssourl Botanical Garden.  One of the features of this — will be the merging of the American Park and Outdoor Art Association and the American League for Civic Improvement.  The members of the local committee are as follows: D. K. Catlin, Gouverneur Cathoun, Robert Aull, Pierre Chouteau, Professor William Trelease, Edward C. Eliot, Mra. I. M. McCall and Earle Layman.  This committee will be enlarged by the addition of lady members.  KILLS DOG TO DRIVE AWAY SPIRIT Presidente of Suioc Igorrotes Observe Ancient Custom.  The Suioc igorrotes believe when a person is ill that if the presidente kills a dog, the fieeing spirit of the dog will chase away the evil spirit that makes the man sick and the man will get well.  For the first time since they have — at the Philippine concession this ancient rite was observed yesterday morning by Presidente Byungasin. He put on four robes. of native woven cloth and a deg was brought to him. He stuck.a bolo in the dog’s throat and as the blood spurted out he murmured his incantations. When the dog was dead he sprinkled it with a  reddish liquid which he compounded him self, and then he threw the dog as far as he could. Mumbling his heathenish prayers, the presidente entered the hut of the sick ieeerete:  The Suice Igorrotes are not ————. but the Bontocs are and two of the Bontocs secured the body of the dog and bore it way for Sunday's feast.  IGORROTES PLEASE COMSTOCK.  ‘Says Their Attire Is Artistic and Should Be a emcee | Anthony Comstock viewed e naked ‘Igorrotes of the PhiNgpine reservation  yesterday, but took no action to have them clothed and to prevent the display ot their charms. He pronounced them, in their unadorned state, pure and childlike in all their actions, and did not announce any intention of proceeding against them tOnahere te eect sald he yesterday,  “There nothing,” y “ in discussing the natives, “in what I have seen that could be construed as objectionable. shey appear most correct and innocent in all thelr actions. In fact, I think that thelr physical perfection will be an object lesson for American visitors to the Exposition.”  TAKE POSSESSION OF THEIR CAMP. Britons, Boers and Natives Begin Rehearsals of Mimic Warfare. |  More than 4) Britons, Boer and African. natives took possession of their camp quarters at the World's Fair yesterday at the top of the kopje on’ Skinker road where will be seen the mimic warfare of the Transvaal. More than 4 horses are arent stating nese ve ne the piace a decidedly military air.  ae ye for the war Sen ta be wa ere daily began yesterday and Wafcootinus until the opening of the show June 1. The concession area covers twelve acres, five of which are devoted to the arena where the Sees will maneuver. The grand stand, w. is nearly finished, has room for 15,000 persons. _ ; GERMAN EDUCATIONAL EXHIBIT. Formal Opening Is Followed by a  Dinner to Exposition Officials.  Count Limburg-Stirum, Commissioner in charge of the German Educational Exhibit, declared the big the Palace of Education open Oeawtic Inspection se erecident Francis and a party of Exposition officials were o— ot commission at a a the eet ee Restaurant following inspection Rese “Ths luncheon was also attended by Doctor Theodor Lewald, the German 