———— |  )  Instead of Group Numbers They Desire Name of Article in  Inscription. DON’T LIKE THE PARIS PLAN. Executive Commissioners’ Association Takes Up Question and Probably Will Protest if Action Is Unfavorable.  Exhibitors at the World's Fair to whom awards will be made desire that such medals or diplomas as may be given to them should state In plain terms for what the award is made, rather than that the inscription should give the group and exhibit numbers only.  Th@ Executive Committee of the Executive Commissioners’ Association has taken the matter of the inscriptions into their hands for the benefit of the individual exhibitors of their respective States and have recommended to the Executive Commissioners’ Association the adoption of a resolution calling for immediate action. 2  It seems to be a cise of whether American or French methods shall prevail in the matter of inscriptions on the medals and diplomas to be awarded by the Louisjana Purchase Exposition. The exhibitors are against the French innovation, and for the maintenance of the American precedent by the St. Louls World’s Fatlr.  The French “innovyation,”’ as the foreign method of inscribing the medals is called, consists of designating the award to have been made in a certain group and exhibit number, exactly according to the catalogue of exhibits. The exhibitors claim that this method is quite unsatisfactory for many reasons.  The main reason advanced against the French plan is that it is necessary to preserve the catalogues, and that they must be continually referred to. Catalogues get lost, and then, they say, it will be difficult to ascertain for what the medals were awarded.  What the prize winners want is for the medals, which may be given them. to contain in plain terms for what they were awarded. |  FAVOR THE CHICAGO METHOD. If the prize was for boots and shoes, the sxhibitor wants the medal to eay so, and 10t merely give a group number, tn which night be some other exhibit of an entirey different nature. This was the method n vogue at the Columbian Exposition at thicago, and proved to be entirely satisactory, according to the exhibitors, cre nm contrast to the innovation adopted at he Paris Exposition of 1900.  At the pel ld of the Executive Comnittee of tha Executive Commissioners’ \ssociation at the New York State buildng yesterday, a resolution was recomnended to be referred to a committee of hree by the Executive Commissioners’ issociation asking that the Superior Jury @ requested to advise the exhibitors as o how the medals are to be inscribed, nd if the French innovation is to be lecided upon, that they be allowed to ofer a protest. The resolution in full is as ollows:  “Resolved, That the 2 gee tt of the uperior Jury be respectfully requested to onvey without delay to exhibitors receivuF awards as to the procedure which rill be followed in the matter of inscripion upon the diplomas, and, if this, as roposed, is to be a departure from Amercan precedents. and adoption of the ‘rench innovation of 1900, opportunity be fforded all exhibitors for remonstrance ith reasons therefor.”  It is quite likely that the resolution will | ave favorable action by the association, | | thich meets to-morrow. The association  3 acting in the matter for the benefit of | } he individual exhibitors from their repective States. 