SS Government Will Allow Showman to Take Filipinos to Metropolis If He Gives Bond. —  According to a telegram from Washington, D. C., iast night. it is now a question whether the Philippine Constabulary and band will go to New York before returning to Manila  Colonel Clarence R. Edwards of the Insular Bureau said to The Republic that the question is held in abeyance. The proposed Eastern trip will fall through unless Mr. DeWagstaff, who made the proposal, Signs a $20 bond drawn up by the Colonel to secure the expenses and promised remuneration of the band and Con| Stabulary.  If DeWugstaff shall not have signed the bond In the meantime, the Constabulary and band will depart to-morrow night for Frisco, en route to the Philippines.  Colone) Edwards said that he told DeWagstaff over the long-distance tel phone that the bond must be signed or the Fillpinos would not be allowed to go to New York. The Colonel explained that it is his duty to secure the Fillpinos and the Government against possible floss. While he believes the famous band and ConstabWary would draw a big crowd in New York he does not feel justified in permit ting them to go there without the security of a first-class bond. | Colonel] Edwards sald that he had a large number of requests tor the Filipino Band and should like to have them reMain in the United States for a considerable period. He is proud of them, and should iike to give those who did not go to the World's Fair an opportunity to see and hear them. Most of the Filipinos, however, are married and desire to return My their homes at the close of the Exposion.  About sixteen members of the band whose terms expired sometime ago, were persuaded to remain thirty days longer that the band. might not be disrupted. They consented only on condition that all of the band and Constabulary would remain.  DeWagstaff 1s arranging an aggregation of World's Fuir attractions to be exhibited at Madison Square Garden, and wishes to add the Filipinos to his show. If he compiles with the requirements of | the Insular Bureau the Filipinos will go to New York.  In that event, DeWaestaff will agree to | | pay the expenses of-the men—about j00— during the trip to and from St. Louls and while in New York. Besides, he will Pay them about $7,000,  Should the Constabulary fo to New | York, after its engagement there, it will Proceed to San Francisco by ay of St. Louts, eri route for home. The P flippine Scouts will remain et St. Louis until January 1. They also, will return to the far East by way of San Francisco.  ee 