the development of the Canadian Nortbwest into a wheat-growing area will become. Not so long ago the Brazi! coffee was the Rio Janeiro product, and known as “Rio.” Now, the output from Santos doubles that of Rio, and is steadily increasing, while the latter is decreasing.  “The coffee pot of the world,” or the Brazilian coffee territory, is included within a strip 1,00 miles long and 30 wide. The best of the district is between 21 and 23 degrees south latitude and 3,00 feet above the level of the sea. Under these conditions temperature varies from &% degrees maximum to the freezing point. The climate is the most temperate on the globe.  At the elevation the occasional frosts are not sufficient to blight the trees, but the cold suffices to kill the destructive insects that damage coffee crops in the lower and hotter areas. The land is a dark. rich purple loam, of the superlative fertility necessary to nourish coffee trees, which Would soon wear out a less fecund soil. At that, fertilizing must be done regularly to insure safe and good crops.  From a series of enlarged photographs taken in the Santos district the visitor to the Brazil building gains an idea of the Way coffee is grown, and of the external appearance of the coffee belt. Careful reProductions of the tree at various ages and of scenes on different plantations, including illustrations of the processes, such as drying, “shelling.”” packing and roasting, are in the collection of views. The machinery used is displayed in the literal, and will soon be in operation. The bean will be separated from its husk, the various kinds and sizes of beans will be classified and the roasting will be done before the eyes. Likewise—and what is more palatable—coffee will be made and served “a la Brazil.”  The gentlemen from Brazil, while they pooh-pooh the notion that alleged “Mocha and Java™ is such in fact, offer some encouragement. They declare that any good, healthy coffee bean, if properiy roasted and ground, will make excellent drinking coffee, if the cook but knows how to prepare it. This is more or lees of a slap at the average cook, but Mr. De Lima makes the statement without any reservation whatever, evidently belHeving that few have mastered the art of making coffee. ho"  “Weil, then,” you ask him, “what are the essentials to good coffee?” }  “First, as I told you, the bean must be a good end healthy one, not necessarily  large. After picking, it must be well dried. It should then be kept air-tight in order to preserve the aroma, for at least two years, though it usually fs sold when a year old. Then it should be roasted until the ofl appears upon the surface, causing it to glisten.  “And, finally, it should be ground fine, the finer the better.  “From this point, of course, it is up to the person who mekes the coffee. What you call the ‘drip’ method should always be followed. The ground coffee should be put in a bag at the top of your pot. Then you take your water—the water should be perfectly clear and pure— and when it is exactly at the boiling point, you pour ft Into the bag and let it drip slowly through.  “Now, the usual trouble is that cooks do not take enough care. The water must not be allowed to boil hard; it must be exactly at the Bubbling point, and it must be pure. Then it should be poured through only once, and the coffee should then be served as soon as posaibie.” 