DRESS REQUIRED AT PRESIDENT’S DINNER.  Dress required of guests attending the banquet to-night at the Txrolean Alps te President Roosevelt will be evening dress for men and high-neck, or reception gowns, with hats for the ladies. This question was one of.the burning ones with those who were fortunate enough ‘to be bidden to the feast. It was settled definitely by the offleiat announcement yesterday to the above effect by the Exposition management.  The order adopted for carriages conveying guests to the vresidential banquet to-night is as follows:  Carriages will enter the Parade Gate’ and proceed thence northwardly east of the Intramural Rallread to the Tyrolean Alps. After unloading occupants they will go south and park on Transportation avenue heading west. There they will remain until called for. Exit after the banquet will be at the Lindell Avenue Gate.  Manager William H. Hughes of the Tyrolean Alps announced last night that arrangements for the banquet to be given by the World's Fair management to President Roosevelt at the Tyroiean Alps tonight had been almost completed. The time set for the function is 7:30 this evening.  The main dining hall, the scene of many brilliant State dinners, has been selected for the presidential banquet and gorgeously decorated for the occasion.  To facilitate entrance into the hall one of the main entrances has been roped off and a wide passage made into the banquet hall. President Roosevelt will occupy a large raised table in the center of the room, and smaller tables, to accommodate more than 600 guests, have been arranged about the hall facing the President.  The tables will be illuminated by many-hued electric candelabra and a profusion of flowers will add to the gorgeousness of the scheme of decoration.  The regular orchestra of the Tyrolean Alps has been selected to @lay for the President. Six hundred and eight plates have been ordered.  For the convenience of the regular customers of the concession the Management has opened diningrooms in the Old Dutch Tower. the Town Hall, the Harvard-YalePrinceton Club building and the Rathskellar. Three special orchestras and the Tyrolean singers will entertain the regular customers. 