of her more tim!d companions, anxfously.  But Miss Alice was so absorbed in watching the progress of the battle that she did not hear the question.  Ystiza href. by.a succession of careful athletic dodges behind his shield and by his siraicht and true aim at firing, completely won the baitla,  At this point Miss Rooseyelt’s interest Was something more than the mere curiosity of un onlooker. She entered into the spuirtt of the mock battle with all the true zest of a soldier’s daughter.  Ystiza had stermed the ranks of the enemy for the last time. Bullets of earth | were scattering thick over the héads of the retreating warriors. | Mise Roosevelt stood on tip-toe and ap| plauded the victor roundiy. | “Oh, that’s fine! That's good!" she exclaimed, as she clapped her hands in ad miration of the plucky Httle soldiers. Miss Roosevelt applauds as she does everything else, with vigor and hearty ) earnesiness. _ Everyone who noted Miss Roosevelt's presress through the Philippine village yesterday afternoon Was etrongly timpressed with her independence of manner, amd democratic attitude In meeting strangers who were Introduced to her, even to the Hide swarthy Negritos, to whom Miss Roosevelt extended a hearty handshake and met them with a charming girlish smile.  “I am having a lovely time,” she confided frankly to her hosts of the afternoon tn the Philippine Vilage “I have enjoyed it all very much."  The namereus women visitors to the village in the afiernoon crowded about Miss Roosevelt's party to catch a glimpse of ber gown,  Two women elbowed their way through the crowd to the side of the automobile in which Mise Reosevelt sat reviewing the Constabulary drill and parade. They Viewed Mies Alice's costume critically for a few minutes Them the older woman turned to her companion with a look of keen disappointment on her face.  }wey. her gown's only coarse white dugk,” she exclaimed.  Miss Roosevelt was simply attired In a white duck ecstume, made with short walking skirt and a coat that reached to her knees. It was trimmed In large pear! buttons. She were a large white straw hat aud white veil 