Barbaric Carnival Will Take Place in Government Plaza | This Evening.  DAY FULL OF SPECIAL EVENTS.  Drills, Music, Sons, Games and  Midsummer Gayety to Con clude With Crowning Sight in Evening Cool.  In a natural ampitheater of vast proportucns and surrounded by majestic and beautiful buildings in the soft glow of a summer twilight, the second congress of Savage tribes will be held this evening at 6:30.  This spot is the plaza in front of the Government building and from the broad flight of steps, the olevated podium and the great ramps which curve up the buildings thousands of spectators may view in comfort and shade the strange dances and the savage ceremonials.  From the broad loggias of the. palaces of Liberal Arts and Mines and Metallur&y, which flank the plaza to the north and south, many more,thousands may view the novel sight.  At the Jess elaborate event of last Saturday in the Plaza St. Louis but a comparatively limited number of spectaters were enabled to see the gathering of primitive peoples there because the plaza and all of its surroundings were on the same level.  At the congress this evening all of the motely crew of savages will be present in their gayest raiment, and in holiday mood will figure in roles that their admifers had not hitherto suspected them capable of.  The Ainus, those solemn and amiable aborigines of Japan,-will lead the dance. The head bear hunter and his Me No ali champion bear hunters, will dance the weird bear dance of their race. :  The Patagonian giants, whose vocal Powers have hitherto been an unknown ete to Fair visitors, will be heard  or the first time caroling a_ rollicking hunting chorus. Their repertory includes another chorus for a possible encore, The Pygmies and African cannibals from the Congo will hold forth in a war dance. The wild symbolic ceremony which precedes the sacrifice ef a human vietim to their god will be given with a realism which will chase the cold chills down the spines of -spectators. Guards will be on hand to prevent them from making it too realisue.  ‘’o the rhythm of the tom-toms and the Whoops of the bucks, the Sioux will dance their war dance, with spear, tomahawk and bows in hand and arrayed in ali the wealth of feathers and paint that a brave delights In. In the savage carnival ot dance and song will join the Kwakiutl Indians from Vancouver Island, the Mexican Cocopas and all the many tribes of United States savage wards.  The drill with the great seacoast guns and mortars, which are mounted on. the south terrace of the Government building. will be given by the United States Seacoast Artillery Company from 4:30 to 5p. m. The drill will show in every feature how the United States coast would be defended from the attacks of a hostile fleet.  At 4:30 gm. will be held a drill in athletice and_wall scaling by the battalion of Philippine Scouts on their parade ground in the Philippine reservation. This dri and the dress parade to follow it will be in henor of the Board of Philippine Commissioners. Whole companies . will be thrown over two board fences twelve and fifteen feet high {n wonderfuliy quick time. The exercises of Butt’s manual will also be given to music. An exec feature Tae drill will be exercises with bolo  nives.  In this drill the Scouts will wear drab blouses and khaki trousers, but at 6:15 the battalion will march to the parade ground in dress uniform of immaculate. white duck, each man wearing a white pith helmet. ‘  Swift's Mission Brigade will hold a prize drill in Piaza St. Louis from 5:30 to 6:30 Pp. m, The Twenty-sixth Infantry Band will give a special “concert in the band stand southeast of the Government building from 4:30 to 3:30 p. m.  A great massed band concert will be held in Festival Hall from 7:30 to 11:30 p. m. Fanciuili's Band, Weil’s Band and the Boston Band will take part, making-an aauregate of 150 nieces. First each band will play separately, and finally all three will give a concert in unison, accempanied by the official organist, Charles Galloway, on the | aces organ,  The House of oo-Hoo, now reconstructed, will be again dedicated at 2 p m. The programme of speakers Includes some of the best-known men in the country.  The Y. M. C. A. tent clubhouse will be opened with appropriate ceremonieg at 145 p. m. This structure jis situated west of the Alaskan building and is intended to be a place of rest and recreation for the soldiers who comp on the grounds.  These are the special events which: will make the day of extraordinary interest, but they are only additions'to the splendid regular A eens Visitors | will find every building open. every process exhibit in full operation, every concession ready to receive them, every fountain flowing, every electric lamp biazing and, | in fact, everything in full swing.  ANNIVERSARY OF GETTYSBURG. General Edmund Rice WII Be at Re ception at Battle Abbey. .  General Edmund Rice of the United States Army, Grand Marshal of oe Exposition, will be the guest.of honor, at a reception to be given at Battle Abbey, on the Pike, Monday, from 11:3 a, m,_to 5 .p. m. Monday will. be the farty-first anniversary of the battle of Gettyshuré.. | The celebration will be participated in | by.Camp 751, Confederate Veterans. of America, and Ransom and Blair posts of the Grand Army of the Republic. __General Rice distinguished himself at |. Gettysburg, where he was wounded twice | | auring the repuise of Pickett’s famous | | charge. During that battle General Rice | | Was Major of the Nineteenth , Massa| , chusetts Volunteers, and. shortly after | the close of the war! reeeived a medal: of | | honor for leading hig regiment and the Forty-second New.-York:im the charge made to repel Pickett's assault.  Tarp oe abt ted te 1  USE TEST TUBES AND RETORTS. | |  a oe thet, th High School Pupils Experiment in  Education Building. .  Thirty pupils, of the .St. Louis -High | « School are conducting daily experiments > in chemistry and physics.at the 5s, Louis " Public. School exhibit in the Palace. of > Education. All suitable apparatus was : installed as soon as last week's. music and calisthenics exercises were, finished | { and the space allotted to these afternoon classes is now ped with tables. and |; benchés, “test, tu and retorts, flasks and ‘ Bunser burners..." | os. . aig oh  Young High School girls, charming. in | | their big aprons, with their sleqyes ‘rolled ' up and ar awry, fe. about with bottles of strange-looking liquids in their hands , and hoid’ ‘smoking teat-tubes over blue | ; flames. When the desired reaction takes | ; lace, they, triumphantly. show it to the/| 1 festructor in charge, and then go on ta} ¢ the next experiment. The experiments are : these. that the oer will. perform in a ’ regular course.i2 P sics or chemistry in | j ‘the High School. te 