This is the innings of the press at the World's Fair. The fluttering badges upon the lapels of every other man or woman you see tell of the presence of the newspaper workers. They are the editors of the American country papers and the makers of the city papers, with a sprinKling of journalists from abroad.  The latter look upon the American representation with the keen interest which would analyze and make notes on us.  Such fs the attitude of Sir Hugh Gilzean-Reid, the English journalist who will preside at the World's Fair Press Parliament and who has been a foremost figure in organizing the newspaper activities of the world. He studies American conditions and is chiefly surprised at the number of successful dally newspapers published in the cities of the United States, even down to towns of 10,000.  “How do you do it?” he asks. “Js the cost of production less than with us? Or is the seale of wages lower?”  To the latter the answer in general is negative; to the former, you explain the facilities and economies obtained by means of the various news services, and by the extensive syndication that enables many publications to secure jointly much matter that none could afford individually. .  “Yes,” he said, “I suppose that that is it. But the results are marvelous to me. The papers, too, are so good. Wherever one goes here one finds a paper which has the news, well stated and well displayed.  “You spoke of syndication. Syndication @oes not work in England. Along with Mr. Andrew Carnegie I was identified with Joining under one management a number of newspapers in various parts of the Soantry, It was unpopular, and after a time each of those associated bought back Sheir respective properties.”  “Sir Hugh,” you will then say, “the =a syndication leaves each publica independent, a unit, and the syndi®Sated matter is merely uncolored news of frepenines or consists of literary contri “That ts good,” was the reply. “The only criticism, then, which I might venfare, t that an extensive practice of the kind might result in a sameness. Now, whatever else may be said of English hewspapers, they are strongly individual, each large one having its special characteristics.”  ‘The enterprise of the great American are is the gecond point with which the  lish Baronet is impressed.  “You seem to jump in and create readers by sheer force,” he said. “Every morn{ ing I find something in your pepers which | looks as crisp and fresh as a daisy.  “Our English newspapers are very nice, | ; food in their way, excellent in their litersture and all that, but they have not so |. much of this variety. Still, the pace over | , here must be very hard on the working | | Sournalists. I yeally don't see how they | | ‘stand ft and keep alive.” » “They don’t keep alive as a rule, Sir! | Hugh, very long.” .  “Ts that the fact?” 1  “But i not energetic effort fo be first | : = the news,” you then ask, “entering  English newspaper Mfe? Is not the | : *Deat’ or ‘scoop’ becoming a factor?”  “Yes, to a certain extent. In the last | { five years, the last three I may say, the! ; @istinct evidence of change from the old ! ; easy-going marmner heve appeared. It is {| Gue to the entry of more cheap papers | into the field. In London several of the/ | 