LARGEST FAIR * Charles Wittman, Who Has Visited Al! Expositions, Says St. Louis’s Is Most Magnificent.  * Charles Wittmann of Lucerne, Switzerland, formerly connected with Simmons Bros. of London, England, manufacturers of oceanic telegraph cables, and recently identified with the German Edison Compuny at Berlin, Germany, is now in St. Louls visiting the Fair and taking a week's rest in a trip he is making around  the world.  Mr. Wittmann retired from business two years ago and has since spent most of his time traveling In various parts of Europe. He sturted on his present trip around the world July 1, leaving Lucerne on that date. He arrived in St. Louis August 12 and has attended the Fair every day since his arrival.  Speaking of the St. Louis Fair as compared with others he has seen, Mr. Wittman says it Is by far the largest and most magnificent the world has ever produced.  “As an exhibition, however,” he continued, “I do not think it surpasses those of Chicago, Buffalo and Paris. Everything is exhibited on a large scale, but the variety of the exhibition is no greater than that of other world’s fairs.”  During his stay here this time and on previous visits Mr. Wittmann has sttdied American industries and enterprises to a considerabie extent and makes many comarisons between conditions as*they ¢€xist fr this country and in other countries he has visited. He is especially pleased with the street-car systems of the large cities of the United States, and thinks them superior to those of any other country he has visited. St. Louis and Schenectady, he says. have the most complete systems he has had an opportunity of investigating.  One thing in American cities, and especlaily in St. Louis, that surprises foreigners, who expect to find the pe fae advancerent in ail institutions, is, according to Mr. Wittmann, the great number of grade railway crossings. He says Ameriean cities are decidedly behind the citics of Europe in providing against accidents and deluys at railway und street crossings. 