Exposition Board Will Ask Seeretary Shaw to Have Them Made at U. S. Mint.  | Sewn  SUPERIOR JURY’S WORK ENDS. Official Emblem to Be of Bronze,  With Appropriate Inscription  —Exhibitors to Get Honorable Mention. oS  The Philippine Exposition Board will today send a communication to Leste ML Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury, asking permission to have more than 3,000 medals made at the United States Government mints, which will be distributed by the Board for Jury Awards.  This action was decided upon yesterday at the final session of the Superior Jory for the Philippine Exposition at the World's Fair,  The medals will be made of bronze. They will bear the inscription “‘Phillppine Fxposition” and the date of the World’s Fair year,  The exact number of medals to be dis tributed will be 3.46. One thousand nine hundred medals will be awarded 2s prises for the best number of exhibits from the island, including the fine arts, native woods, native cloth, carving and jewels, and 66 medals will be distributed among the collaborators, or the men who were fnstrumental in alding the Eixposition in collecting and furntshing the exhibits,  One of the official medals will be given to every man, woman end child representing the native tribes at the World's Fair. and to every member of the PhiltpPine Scouts battalion ang the Philippine Constabulary.  a Sewents oes grand prizes will be award ‘o the —exhibitors. The  will Cee of a bronze medal coach the same as rere ae additions of artistic decoration, of gold trimmings Diplomas will be awerog in addition to the grand prizes, first and second priezs, and more than 7.003 os will receive honorable mention without the medals.  The Superior Jury for the Philippine Hirposition completed its work yesterday morning.  Married in Arkansas Bailding.  Miss Minnie Bacenhagen of Fort Smith, Ark, and A. O. Stingel of Fappanish, Wash., were married in the Arkansas building at the Fair Be afternoon by the Reverend Doctor J. . Cunningham. The Arkansas building was chosen as the place for the wedding by the bride  rr SAUNDERS SAYS ST. LOUIS ‘Secretary of Business Men’s League | Tells President Roosevelt of | the City’s Plans. REPUBLIC SPECIAL  Washington, Oct. 4—W. F. Saunders, Secretary of the Business Men’s Leagues of St. Louis, was in Washington to-day en route to Philadelphia, to meet his family, who have been in Paris for a year.  This morning Mr. Saunders called on the President, and gave him a hint of the city’s plang for prosperity after the Fair is done. =  “St. Louis will adopt a new Charter, and  issue $8,000,000 worth of bonds after the Fair ts-over,” he sald. “We do not intend to let the business of the city fall flat after the show is ended. We will do our best to make things so lively that the people of the town, and the pe country, will think that the Fair is going on.”  Later in the day Mr. Saunders called on Indian Commissioner Jones, and discussed with him the condition of the Indian warehouse in St. Louis, obtaining from the Commissioner the assurance that the appropriation for the maintenance of the warehouse would be recommended by him in the Indian appropriation bill to be passed at the next session rare aot r Jones was  ‘ommissione leased with the manner in wales the  Ee Louis dry goods men sought the business. eee en een ennennSSannnnEannESESEnnEnEnEEEEEeeeee Ee 