TWENTY-FIVE TO BE  Number Includes Ten Philippine Guards and Fifteen Department Chiefs and Clerks,  Twenty-five persons will be cut off the pay rolls on September 15 as the result of wholesale retrenchmet in the Philippine exhibit at the World's Fair. This number will include ten of the Philippine guards, which will reduce the present force of sixty special police to fifty ,and fifteen department chiefs and clerks.  The question which has arisen over contracts held by several of the department chiefs, who have been asked to resign, has been referred to the War Department for seltioment, “  When the Philippine Exposition Board | jast week decided on a curtailment of expenses, at the instance of Auditor Lawshe of the Philippine Government, who recent-_ !y came to St. Louie, they asked for the | resignation of several department chicfs among the highest salaried employes of the Philipipne exposition. After their resiznations had been asked for. it was found ihat a few of them held contracts with ine Government for the remaining period “f the Exposition. The form of contracts differed with almost every official, end where they did not bear the signature of the Secretary of War, the question arose «#3 to whether they were Government contracts.  {t is sald that the contracts will be oontested by the mea holding them.  It is the hope of Auditor Lawshe, with ne considerable retrenchment of expenses made by reducing the pay roll. and with recently increased receipts from the con| cessions of the exhibit. that the Philipoe exposition will be able to maintain its nancial independence of, the Government during the balance of the Exposition.  Unless this etep had been taken. the members of the board sry they would be valled upon to make further demands on the Treasury of the Philippine Government for maintaining the exhibit unti! the end of the Worla’s Fair, as the exhibit has cost three times as much as wes first contemplated, the entire sum expended being $1.400.69.  a ect oy 