Colonel Edwards May Make Further Reduction in the Philippine Exhibita Mxpenses.  c q RECEIPTS ABOUT $1,500 DAILY Suggestion of a General Admin  | sion of 25 Cents, Regarded as Possible Means of Increas | ing Attendance. | Although the Philippine exhibit at the | World's Fair han proven popular and atltracty a fair share of the total attendance lof tte Exposition, the Government officials | entertain little doubt that Its accounts will show a deficit at the end of the season. | When Colonel Edwards, Chief of the | Bureau of Insolar Affairs, recently came lty St. Louls, he tound a monthiy pay roll | of 37,000. | Sig cut off eighty-seven official heads laid brought the roil down to 7,0, Yet ‘another cut is imminent, ag he contem| plates another trip to St. Louis, which | may result In a duplication of his axsainging feat. | fie uverage income of the exhibit from ithe village and other features for which an | entrance fees is charged is about $14 @ day. In order to pay, it should be larger than this amount, and roany officials who do not want to see the Philippine Govpri get into w large hole financially on the exhibit regard favorably the sug gestion that a general admission fee of & rents to the exnibit be charged for the rest of the season.  According 10 a especial dispatch to The Republic trom Washington, D. C.. Colonel Edwards vesterday granted permission ty the Philippine Constabulary Band at St. Louis to spend one day at the National Conclave of the Knights of Pythias, which will be held at Louisville, Ky., next_week.  President Francis telegraphed Colonel Fidwarda yesterday, asking for the band. The musicians from the fccreg Seer have made a wonderful hit at the Exposition. Sjusa, the bandmaster having stamped Cig tere as the best military band he ever heard.  More than 23,00 Pythians are expécted at Loulaville next week, and President Francis wants to get as many as possible of them to come to St. Louis. He thinks the Philippine band will be great assistance to him In his efforts. Many cities have asked for the band recertly, and this is the first time it has been allowed to take a trip. Colonel Edwards says it must not be considered as establishing # precedent. 