ON MISSOURI DAY, OCTOBER I! —————————————— REPUBLIC SPRCIAL.  Jefferson City, Mo. Sept. 16—Governor Deckery to-day issued the following Proclamation:  To the People of Missouri: The Worlk!'s Fair ¢ ity yesterday won distinction in the enthusiasm and attendance displayed in celebrating St. Louis Day. UnStinted praise is due the people of the ente rprising metropolis  Missouri should emulate the example of St. Louis, in appreciation of the greatest industrial exposition of the age. The opportunity will soon be afforded. The Missouri Commission and the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Company have set apart Tuesday, October il, as Missouri Day.  It will be the last distinctive opportunity for the organized nesemblage of Missourians during the progress of the Exposition.  Missouri Day in attendance should surpass all others. It can be done. Sy tematic effort by the press and the people from the Ozarks to the Iowa line, and from the Mississipp! to the Kansas border, will bring to 5t Louls on that occasion a vast multitude Of Missourians  The metropolitan and country press, I am sure, will lead the way. The chief officers of cities, towns, counties, commercial clubs and other organizations should heartily co-operate, and give one Gay to the glory ef this Commonwealth.  Transportation facilities will be ample. Extremely Satisfactory railroad rates are aiready assured.  A great military parade, consisting of a detachment of the regular army. the entire National Guard of our State and other military organizations, will be one of the attractitve features of the occasion.  Now, therefore. I, Alexander M. Dockery, Governor of Missourt, do earnestly request that ell public offices be closed October 11, 14, and the people refrain from their usual avocations to celebrate an event which gave that resplendent jewel Missouri to the flashing crown of our great Republic.  In testimony whereof I hereunto set my hand and cause to be affixed the great seal of the State of Missouri. Done at the City of Jefferson this sixteenth day of September A. D., 194  (Signed) A. M DOCKERY. By the Governor: Sam B. Cook, Secretary of State. 