, AT THE WORLD’S FAIR.  —Colonel Charles F. Mills, Chief of the LiveStock Department, has received the following letter from_William Hutchison, Canadian Commissioner General: ‘‘The Canadian Government will give to all Canadian exhibitors of horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry winning prizes at the World's Fair a sum equal to the amount given by the Exposition in prize money to each exhibitor." At the Columbian Exposition the Canadian exhibitors excelled all State winnings with the single exception of Illinois, and in a number of anor ane classes carried away the lion's share of the awards. The assurance by the Canadian Exposition Commission that the winnings by Dominion breeders will be dpuilcated will greatiy heighten the interest taken in the World's show by exhibitors from that country.  —Emile Vauthier, Commiastoner of Fine Arts for Belgium, received yesterday from his majesYY: Don Carlos, King of Portugal, the decoration of Knight of the Christ Order. This was Gone because Emile Vauthier, aed] executed some time ago a, remarkable pacts t of Dom Pedro II, the late Emperor of 1, who was a cousin of Don Carlos,  —In the pure-food exhibit made by the National Association of State Dai and Food Departments in the Palace of Agriculture, isa case comtaaing several botties of tomato catsup of eiiteret makes. These brands have been found by the omlyes of the Kentucky Food Department to contain coal-tar dyes and preservatives. on catsup was nets from tomato peelings and is heavily filled with starch, colored analine dye and preserved with benzoic acid. There are also several bottles containing analine dyes made from this catsup.  —Eldorado blackberries 3% inches in circumference and Chautauqua goneeberres 3% inches in circumference are being exhibited In the Missouri exhibit in the Palace of Horticulture.  —The Navajo silversmiths and blanket Weavers have one of the most interesting sections in the Indian School. ane only tools used in the manufacture of the silverware are an anvil, bammer, file and knife. The silver is obtained by melting Mexican coins in a crude bi furnace. It is then hammered into any desired shape, and the finishing touches and carvin: eing. added with a-file and a knife. Navalo dl eta, considered the finest work of the American Indian, are made entirely by hand, with a ‘“‘jab loom,’’ and woven in many fantastico designs by the women. All the wool used is hand-carded, spun and colored with native dyes. The process of sales | 2] tedious, six to eight weeks being requ © complete eome of the largest an  tely designed blankets.  —Three five-pound imens of native a per, found ts Nugget Gulch, were added to the pneral exhibit the Alaskan building yeserday ynorningOre from this guich has heen assayed, yield! ng $7 per cent pure copper. The ores are so rich in native copper thag smelting is unnecessary.  —One of striking features of the French exhibit of, bronves in the Palace of Manupectores, Piece of sculpture in weathered  ronze entith “The Struggle for Life.”’ It is comnpcesd three figures. Two men are struggling with each other for life. Life is represented eas a strange and may rote ical monster called a orimera rs horrible and repilsive in nn ser ee pipe but earnestly sought  until death ends the struggle. Death is  Tepresented by both victor and victim zag over the edge of a precipice, on the edge which they are struggling.  —Nebraska a special exhibit of pop corn in its pevitioraka the Palace of Agriculture. It covers many varieties of both white and Ted. Statistics show that Nebraska stands at the head in the yield of pop corn. All of ast year’s crop has been bought by a World's  ir concession.  —Amber in its many forms and uses is exhibited by the Prussian Ministerial Department for Trade and ey, in the east end of the Palace of Varied Industries. The collection is known as the Collective Exhibition of the German Amber Industry, and includes selected specimens from the most pray Ore amber manufacturers in Germany. In the center of the exhibit is a large tower made up of blocks of polished amber, rough amber of many colors, and fine specimens of shells. The amber alone in this tower is valued at 340,000. Flanking the walls are eight glass pillars filled with amber in the natural state, and articles showing the many different uses of amber are in cases around the sides of the room.  —Chief among the exhibits is the Display of smokers’ articles, which includes pipes, pipe stems, cigar holders, etc. The feature of this display is the largest amber cigdr-holder in the world. It is nine inches pone and is valued at $150. Other interesting articles exhibited @re statues, clocks, door handles, beads and jewelry, and many forms of amber work. Most of the statuary consists of figures carved in ivory or bronze and set in amber. The chief sepcessonal feature of the exhibit !s the large collection of insects, plants, fruits, etc., naturally imbedded in the amber while yet {t was liquid gum. This callection was collected and is owned bye roteesce, Doctor Blebs of Konigs , and considered one of the most valuable scientific collections in the world. a ee A Picturesque Tea-Room.  “The Bungalow,” on Model street, at the World’s Fair. has the best service; cuisine unexcelled. Prices are moderate. cen accommodations are provided for the ladies.  — ri | Concert at Fountain Park.  Vogel's Military Band will give a concert this afternoon at the Fountain Park. The following programme has been arranged: wea neat phat Route.....--.++...--Guido Vogel Overture—Die Schoene Galathe.............Suppe Waits Medley—Angel’s Dream.......... Hermann Selection—Erminie .........-..--+-.-..Jakobowsk! Mexican—Serenade....................Guidg Vogel Fantasia—The United SUES Ea 9 Sih March—i904.......0022-eseeeeeeeeeeeee--GuUldo Vogel Medley—Sounds from the Sunny South.Eiseman  (a) Valse—Amoureuse ................+... Berger (b) Song—Because (new)........-.-.....Hardelot Selection—Army Chaplain...............Millocker  | Morceau_ Characteristic—The Butterfly... Bendix Galop—Grand Opera-House.....John G. Sheehy  or | Atlantio City and Return, $23.25. July 9, 10,11. B. & O. S-W.., ticket offices Olive and Sixth, World's Fair Grounds and Union Station. ao Spanish-American Club Reception. _ The Spanish-American Club of St. Louis gave an informal reception at the Cabanne Arcade last night in honor of visiting members of the Chicago club, which was attended by Latin-American representatives at the World’s Fair. The honored guests were H. Caldera and B. Vidaurre of Nicaragua, Jose M. Hererra of Honduras, Antonio G. F. Carreras of Cuba and Mrs. H. Ohman Bart, president of the Chicago Spanish-American Club.  a The Official German Wine Restaurant Run in connection with German Government building, east side of Cascades. Best service and cuisine. Finest Wines. Management of Kons-Pfennings of Berlin.  ————  Mayors Pay a Social Visit.  Mayors Carter Harrison of Chicago and J. C. fen fe of Minneapolis called at the poke Ei Tenge to pey a social visit to Mayor lla Wells. The visitors were shown about the vteylpenis wane admired the structure, which is rapidly nearing completion.  ao  Grit is ‘a good ene to have, but not in tooth powder. Sanitol Tooth Powder has none, 