FAIR FREETO POOR | ie CIS DAY r ON FRAN  i Sa : i PASSES WILL BE ISSUED|  * | é j Te rey “ Letters from Charitable Or-  ganizations Will\ Be  _ Reeognized To-Day.  |  To-day at the World's Fair promises to be memorable the last day of the Fair and as a day honor of President Fraa- cis, }  __ The executive committee and ceremonies (committee, at|a joint session yesterday, , decid to issue instructions to the di- /rector of admissions providing for free en- | lramce |to-day jof all er of asylums and charitabld institutions. ‘he commit- tee also authorized free admission to all _ those persons jwho p> | be unable to pay the entrance fée, providing that they shall  vouchea for by some charitable organ- ‘ization, ;  Information |of this action was con- veyed to the} executive officers of the Provident assdciation, the St. Vincent de Paul society and kindred organizations, \SO far as praitticable. Persons bringing a letter from the executive officer of any vTelief or chafitable organization, certi- fyi.g that su person is unable to pay admission, will be given free entrance.  At this. meeting Gov. A. M. Dockery was added to |the list of speakers at the Francis oy. ‘exercises, heginning at i1 o'clock. in Pl St. Louis. Gov. Dock- ery—will represent the ‘state of Missouri- and Mayor Wells the city of St. Louis at these exer¢ises. Rev. Dr, S.|J. Nic- colis of the Second Presbyterian) church of St. Louis will’ deliver the invocation.  A number af persons who have been unofficially connected with the Poe coy tion in virious capacities will participate in the great’ cession which will escort President Francis from the Admunistra- tion building Plaza St. Louis.  Presidetit’s Office Decorated.  When President Francis enters the Ad- ministration ce this Ora, the last aay ofthe World's Fair, he will walk ‘down ‘corride lined with the ag colors of the United States and the Lou- isiana Purchage Exposition, pendant from the walls leading to his private office. For the first [time since the opening of the World’s Fair, the hallways; of the Administratio botiding are decorated profusely with the national colors, and Lepage of ‘thi preeieers of the Exposi-  on, this unusual tribute. constituting one of the unique|features of the celebration in honor of Hresident Francis. | +. 'The \unusual decorations will prove a surprise to the World’s Fair president.  Not until he had left nis office late yes- peony | Sern on was the first decoration placed. Then) a ‘staff of men went to work enthusiastically, Aven Face barren white walls of the Administration corri- dors in a wealth of color. - ts  At the land . in the stairs leading to President Francis’ office is a huge Ameri- can flag, and) hanging from the drawn folds, is an immense medallion bearing the familiar features of the president of the itxpaaition. From the Janding to the door. of ee privae office stretches pennant after pennant) of the national colors, en- twined| with the fiuer-de-lis of the Louisi- ana Purchast! Exposition. On the table in the presidert’s office was placed a huge bouquet of American beauty roses and red carnations, the contribution of his many friends and employes in the Admin- istration building. 4  “Unknown to|President Francis. the staff ,of men worked on the decorations until ‘alate hour last night. It is the first time the corridors df the Administration build- ‘ing have ever been similarly decorated and was sugzpsted by the-divisien chiefs as a fitting tribute to their president.  Mayor Rolla Wells will act as oe manent chairman at the Louisiana Pur- chase monument exercises in honor of Gov. Francis |this morning, In the piace  ef William: H. Thompson, who} will be  Pe ee S eS ae aettanktiqrngw thw iIMnwaes [iP 