| WIRELESS TEST  | PROVES A SUCCESS BOS see SPIES: ‘  tas TO A BALLOON  '; Operator Two Miles in Air  : Reeords Signals from  | the Earth.  j  | PENETRATES HEAVY CLOUDS.  | OPERATOR AND GLOBE-DEMO-  CRAT STAFF REPORTER AC-  COMPANY AERONAUT IN ASCENSION AT FAIR. pt EE SO UAE DS  At a height varying from 1400 feet to two miles, wireless telegrams were re- ceived yesterday afternoon in a balloon above the World's Fair grounds. The man who received the messages stood shivering with cold in a car sent skyward from the aeronautic concourse at 3:15 o’clock in the presence of one of the most representative gatherings that has ever assembled at the World’s Fair grounds.  The experiment was the first of its kind ever made in America, and, according to the testimony of those interested, the Most successfu! ever tried since the the- ory of wircless telegraphy has been put to practical purposes. From the time the balloon left the aeronautic concourse un- til it landed in a field five miles west of St. Louis a constant succession of tele- staphie ticks flashed encouraging mes- sages to the occupant of the basket, and each message was recorded in the nate- book carried by the ascending operator.  The men who made the flight were Paul Bnabenshue, a younger brother of the operator of the dirigible airship, the ‘‘Cali- fornia Arrow’; A. W. McQueen of Guth- rie, Oklaty an operator for the American  | De Forest wireless télegraph company, and Wili S. Forman of the GLosz-Dem- ocRaAT’s World’s Fair staff. The bag was of the 30-foot cutaway type, containing G000 cubic feet of hydrogen gas, carrying a total weight of approximately 50f  | pounds, inchiding the weight of the three passengers, the ballast and instruments.  Prominent People Present.  The balloon was sent up from the con- course at 3:15 p. m. in the presence of World's Fair officials, aeronaytic authori- ties and hundreds of spectators. It arose rapidly to a height of about S800 feet, drifting in a southeasterly direction, car- ried by a wind of an estimated velocity of between five and eight miles an hour. It attained an altitude of about 1200 feet before it-disappeared from the view of thousands of World’s Fair visitors who Were watching the flight. As soon as it left the ground the wireless telegraph in-  | strempnts-on. Pag De Forest tower- near the Press building began flashing the mes- sages. Although the balloon remained in the clouds hardly an hour and a half, the wireless experiments conducted during that time are conceded to have made an epoch in science.  Messages Begin to Come.  At a height of two miles, lost above the clouds, drifting in a direction which could not be calculated, A. W. McQueen of the De Forest wireless telegraph company. stood in the basket of a frail balloon yesterday afternoon and called off to his companions, Paul Knabenshue and a representative of the GLozsr- DEMOCRAT, the following message, sent to him from the earth:  “W. S. Forman. Balloon: I congratu- late the GLOBE-DEMOCRAT on having a reporter present to see the first wireless message ever received in a balloon. *  (Signed) “L. Z HARRISON,  “Manager De Forest company.”  To the occupants of the drifting balloon, shivering with cold that could he ~de- seribed as almost unbearable, there was little mystery connected with the mes- sage. McQueen called it off as he wroie it, the ticks audible to Knabenshue, who rode in the rigging of the balloon, and to Forman, who stoc@ beside the operator. To verify the aerial telegram McQueen removed the apparatus from his ear and  | passed it tothe other men, who listened intently to the distinct ticks sent through two miles of ether. A-moment later a second message flashed these words from. the De Forest tower: McQueen Congratulated. |  “A. W. McQueen, Ballcon—I congratu- late you on being the first operator tp receive a wireless message in a balloon, and our company is to be congratulated on having the only system that can ac- complish such results.  (Signed) “L. Z. HARRISON,  “Manager.”  Tn the space cf a minute the balloon cut through the clouds and burst into a scens ot indescribable beauty. All sight of the earth was cut off; the men were riding above the clouds, with the sun for com- pany. A swirling wind caught them, turn- ing them rapid'y, and heading them awa; from the city. They drifted westward, and -as they went the’ following telegrams were ticked off:  “To Forman, GLOBE-DEMOCRAT, balloon: 