table in color values. The olive greens to the left, and those on the right more in shadow, show a fine distinction in hue hardly to be expressed in words, the dif- ference is so extremely subtle, But, then, it is just such subtleties as these shat coostitute the charm of this delightfu work The main idea of the picture is the extreme. yet ee. reasonable, coutrast between the brightness of the sky ond the overshadowed moorland.  The distance over the surface is finely suggested by the position of the woman, and the distant heap of faggots, with the aid of the blue of the sky reflected in the pools, so deftly thrown in, How delight- rags 8 flat an appearance these pools give to this space; and yet bir are produced, if you examine them, with the merest, searcely perceptible, touches of blue, The distant rise in the dunes, where the wind has blown away the qeaes. is beautifully rendered without in the least interfering with one’s impression of the horizon. The ernes-covered rise from the center to the right, beyond the senitetes sand, is not only tenderly felt, but is masterly In its truth of pale blues under the sky, in- creasing in depth of tone until they are merged in the browns and purples of «ne woodland. The groups of small birches touched up into the sky are a beautiful and tender feature of the work, Heaths appeal to the people of all nations. There is the delicious solitude in them, ““where none ihtrudes,” and we all know each his “native-born” birds and wild flowers that haunt them. Ladys 2 Fo home to the hearts of the people of whatever country they may be born in, This is a_ picture that the artist has deeply felt or he could not have painted it in so loving and loyal @ manner.  Music Programme for To-Day.  Alexandre Guilmant will give another of his concerts on the great organ in Festi- val hall at 11:80 o’clock to-day. The dates for his American tour, following his en- gagement at the Exposition, have been #o arranged that Manager Stewart of the bureau of music has not been able to se- cure an extension of the vn series in Festival hall, R. K. Miller of Philadel- phia will be heard on the grand organ at 4:30 p. m. The Berlin band will play in Machinery gardens from 3:30 to 4:80 p, m. and from 7 to 9 p. m. The Mexican bend will be heard on the Plaza of St Louis from 2 to 4p, m. and from 6 to 8 p. m. Well’s band will play in the Cas- dade garden from.3 to 5 and from 6 to 8 p. m.  Jap Prince to Sail October 22,  TOKIO, October 14.—Prince Fushini{ will sail for the United States on the steamship Manchuria October 22. He wil! visit the St. Louis apes Chow and Wash. ington as the —— plage mek of the Sr gested of Japan. e op com- manded the ist division of the capers army at the battle of Nanshan hill. He returned from the field to make this trip to the United States at the request of tha emperor. He will be accompanied Ld a numerous suite, and remain in the United States one month.  TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY Take JVaxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All druggiets refund the money if it falls to cure. BE, W, Grove's signattre Is on each box. 2650,  Soldiers Go South. : The Ist and 2d campeon of the gov- ernor’s foot guards of New Haven and Hartford, Conn., which came here to he! celebrate Connecticut day at the Fait, left Friday afternoon for Chattanooga, Tenn., where they will dedicate a monu- ment to the 20th Connecticut ceatenens. 2 iar will visit Greensboro and Ashevills, N. C., before returning to Connecticut. LL OO LL 