horticulture) exhibit) on the recent free peach day and showed their ‘‘raising’’ by the way they apecotea the gift of the gen- erous state commissioners.. Thousands of people made up that seemingly endless line which suggested the Irishman’s string which had no end to it, owing to some- body having cut it off. There were people who arrived breathless and excited and scrambled for |a place in line, who took their peach |ag a just due for having come after it, ’ !  There were people! who had expectantly made a beeline from the turnstiles to the exhibit, but who sauntered around with feigned indifference. and had to be pushed into line, whepe they looked surprisedly at the peach, as if/it had fallen from a clear sky. } '  There were talkative men who were in- terested in neach raising, and wanted to stop and ask all about the elberto family, and if it was the better suited for putting up for future use or for putting down for present use, and if|it jammed well and was ezsily stoned.  There were women who cared nothing about seach culture, but who were so pleased with the downy, tasty gift that they.wanted to stop and thank the donor again, and ask him} about his folks and where he came from.  There were people who took the fruft stolidly and) with forward-gazing eyes and never a word of thanks, and there :were others who) bowed |so |profoundly they backed inte those behind them and had to be straightened up and sent on.  There were ladies who never took things they did not have the privilege of return- ing, and they leoked the suppiy over with a view to exchaceins their péach if they Saw one they liked better, and there were ladies who eyed their peach sus- picicusly to seelif it was a second and had been cracked in the firing or was pulled at the seams. .  Some people asked to have their peach exchang=d for 2 larger one and a few hes- itated to accept the unexpected favor ag if it might entail some obligation to buy atoce in a cannery, or to settle in Mis- souri. bce  A. few, also, isimpered and giggled and essayed to say something smart before they were hustled on but seldom got any farther than ‘“‘Ain’t| it a peach?’  The thousands of children took the situ- ation and the peach philosophigally ara ate the latter and took advantage of the former by going around phe eoming by again three times. The cp Idren from the different schools and institutions behaved best “and were the most appreciative. About a third of the whole number to whom peaches were xiveuy said a “thank you,” and about nine-tenths ate thelr peaches right there and left the stones and the peelings on the floor.  \. |e | *-) GENEVA LANE.  Perfect Plans for Alton Day.  Secretary Allen V. Cockrell of the com- mittee on ceremonies of the Exposition conferred yesterday with a committee of Alton (I.) business men relative-to the celebration of Alton day, at the Fair. August 25 is the fay chanen. Assurances were 5 picket 7. ‘Cockrell that there would be a delegation of from 500 to 800, head- ed by the commercial club of the town and Son EP ae hg band of thirty pieces. The exe s of the day will be held in the Illinois building, : ‘ 