* “Come on, Digby, let's go over) to the  Agricuiture building and get indigestion,”  ealled Olly Carte, as Digby was peering | into an aquarium ‘in  Apropos of Nothing the Forestry and  E & = Game department < In Particular. where a piseatorial  ’ rea resident from time to time permitted one tin to come close enough to the glass front to be visible. ~  The rest.of us stgod-in the bread door- way enjoying the cool breeze sweeping in from the. south. i - 3  “There| are three or_ four new things here in-jthe | Forestry “building -that we haven't been!”’ ; said Digby. .““There are the. live beavers from Canada. and the bearskins from Colorado., I don’t fancy climbing that hill.’’  “Oh, the beavers will keep. Besides, Mistitz: here wants:-'to see ‘the Beorkese turn over. He anys ie’ always gets, there five minutes. after {t turns over of forty- , five minutes before it turns) over.’  “What of it? |Misfitz won't be any bet- tér off when -he does see {it turn over, It is Just an hourglass turning oever.’" -  ‘What's the luge of coming to a)/World’s Fair if you don't see the things)-they’re doing there ea in Misfitz withefeeling.  “See the useful things, Fitzy; the things that , improve recs mind; hourglasses never improve! the mind,” said Digby.  “I want.to go over to the Agriculture building becausé there are so many things to eat there,” said Olly Carte. ‘It is the gastronomical Pike; something doing all the time; baking or frying: or stewing, or boiling or distilling.” 3  ‘It seemed to me.mostly corn the last time I was there.”"' said Digby; “‘corn temples,. corn kiosks, corn pyramids.”  “Everything but corn plasters,’ said Will, Batt Ynne, who had been | limgping for tw days.  “It’ls odd that there isn't a chiropodist congéession on ‘the grounds,’’) said Carte. “Tt ought to doa big business.’”"  You got into the corn department, Digby,” said Wilkins. “There are three or four square miles of other things be- side corn in the Agriculture building. J . “I expect so, but the transportation facilities of the building are npt what they should be. Why don’t they have an automobile line leaving the front door for all way stations. I tried to For from. Rhodesia to German -East Africa the other day, and vor 3 got to Madagascar.”’  “They might put In a Cape to Cairo rail- road for gli benefit,” said Carte, i  “What have they got in eye mine) i I haven't seen‘ that yei,’’ asked Wilkins.  “Mostly a: picture of Tananarivo, the capital, Se ices | one wall of the exhibit. It shows the rench government house standing up above the rest likey,some of these Western oné-skyscraper towns, All the people visible seemed to be wading in the water in front of the town.”  _ “Looking for crawfish?” said Olly Carte.  “What dia the French: want of Mada- gascar, I wonder?” queried Wilkins. :  “Oh, just to have ‘colonial possessions’ like the rest of the European countries,” said Digby. “You can’t get a Frenchman to emigrate from Frahce, not even with a bounty. The only reaily colonizing people there are, are the English. The Americans colonize adjacent territory like the Rus- sians. Madagascar had a collection of the usual cocoanuts, some cakes of beeswax, and four or fiye queer urns carved out of bunches of rgotlets that grew ‘sq thickly together that they looked as close grained as @ sponge.’'*) 4}  “Where is Madagascar?” asked Misfitz.  “It's off thet north goast of Greenland,”’ said Olly Carty al j  “T'll bet youvdon't know yourself,’”’ ex- claimed. Misfit-) = F 4  “Come on, h-t% let's see_the hour glass. turn ‘over>-it‘ssjeut time. It’s more inter- esting than M; @agascar.”   |BEDIg 7° ‘ | Y 4 + 1 z < 2 4 | ani Ne ex i Hii 2 vex wood Ae aU. : pe lide y >. ? ei tte SG . 4 if } Das fe Cel | ¥i/. AA. - ? ee es |e | . y ¥ \ “p as 4 aii | : ad ae ie j Afternoon naps here 60 cents an hour —one cent a minute. :  From Mme to time the public should make suggestions to the Fair manapymene of improvements that might be added to  - this’ greatest ba oe Sleep, Tired ~ tion in history. hey : za will be welcome, no Nature’s Sweet | doubt, fully as wel- = come as the sugges- Restorer. tions from the na- tional commission, — which the management receives with such. marked demonstrations of delight. So here goes the first suBgeRton, viz,: Thata concession be oe where ar angen may go and: take a nap when they feel the necessity of it. These long summer days ms ge to be multiplying the number of people who want to take a nap, say, from 2 o’clock until 4 p. m., or at least who seem to need one. Bxperience LS on shown that it js impossible to take sat : fectey naps on the Intramural cars, and, in addition, it is expensive. No one can give himself up to slumber with that Sank One ree of purpose which must istinguish the really refreshing afternoon | nae 'when upon an Intramural car. Like stolen sweets, one is always afraid of be- ing pe see rapping: and it is painful to gee sufferers nodding helplessly either forward with sudden starts or backward with the front gate of the countenance . | ted or wide open in that wretchedly lu- | -@icrous attitude that makes-you yearn to - drop Spe fy the slot to see what you'll get. ho sn’t longed for just thirty minutes blessed unmolested alee) in some ealm, cool place? It is the brief repose that stays you and Gaays your spirits up until night. When shall we see the hos- pare gign: “Afternoon naps here; 60 nts an Pass 1 cent a minute. Polite at-- encnute will arouse you, at any time.” . t is what the polite peterdants do at the notels—arouse you at any e, no matter what time, or whether you have , asked them to or not; sometimes they whistle in the corridors or rattle the key in the door or engage ip conversation just under your transom; but there is no extra charge for that. Mf ead Name ahd address machinés waylay the Marlin ound for tke Ixsrretee end ein: “most blockade the pas sage. ‘The Rb hcmed Sin ree f pepe AACA o nen e oieet Dnt pect AE ee Oe re RATS Se eres pee 