a 6 More Juries of Award Or- ibe ’ _ ganize at the World’s. “ 4 Fair. oumineeicioniinenniignitiagipintlin RECEPTION IS TO BE.GIVEN. —_—___—_ + —_——  ART JURORS FO BE ENTERTAIN- ED THURSDAY EVENING— ITALIAN JURORS IN THE CITY...  PRA BitP IR, Mk 2  The juries of award at the World's Fair were all very busy yesterday or- ganizing and getting down to work. There is a spirited rivalry in many instances as to the chairmanship and vice chairman-— ship of the various groups, as these of-— ficials are ex-officio members of the de- | partment juries, which will review the work of the group juries at, the close. of , their sessions.  The: department juries will also include one represéntative of the Louisiana Pur-~- ‘chase so see tae company, to be named by President Francis and one member appointed by the board of lady managers. peony te, 2 the rules and regulations say explicily that the members of the group juries must be conirmed by the national commission, there is no statement to that effect in regard to the department jared There will-be in all 269 department jurors, The work of this jury will begin: on Sep- tember 20.  Officers Are Chosen.  ‘The officers elected at the organization of the jury in the department of fish and~ game are as follows:,  Group 120—Milward Adams, Culeage, chair- man; Capt. Atkin, Great Britain, vice chair- man; Frank W. Remsen, East Willstone, N. J., secretary.  Group 121—Carl Akeley, Chicago,, chairman; W. Compton Reed, Brazilian pavilion, vice chairman; Dr, E. H. Kessler, St. Louis, sec- retary, ‘  Groups 122 and 123—Col. L. W. Crampton, United States army, St. Louis, chairman; Ichijiro Itani, Japan, vice chairman; A. G. Wilkinson, Washington, secretary.  Group 124—Dr. iH M. Smith, deputy commis- sioner bureau of fisheries, haa gig ap D.. &. chairman; Capt. Atkin, Great ritalin, vice chairman; Eugenio M. Ambard, commissioner general of Venezuela, secretary. -  Willard A. Smith, chief of the depart- ment of transportation, met the jurors in his department, about fifty in all, at 11 o’clock vesterday mor ine. The fol- pee officers of. group juries were se- ected:  Group. 72—Maj. J: W..Howam, New. York, chairman; Georges Kellner, Paris, France, vice chairman; Henry Souther,. Hartford, Conn., secretary.  Group_72—L, C. Bartley, Indiana, chatrman; Altino Correa, Brazil, vice chairman; Manuel Garcia Lugo, Mexico, secretary.  Grou 74-3. W. Kendrick,” Chicago, chair- man; Ker Steinbiss, Germany, vice chairman; Henri de Grieges, France, vice chairman; Henry Bartlett, Boston, Mass., secretary; H. F. Ball, Cleveland, assistant secretary; M. Cuzguka, Japan, assistant secretary.  Group 75—F. 2B. Coming, Great Britain, chairman: Rear Admiral George Brown, In- dianapolis, vice chairman; Richard H. Phillips, St. Louls, secretary,  Group 76—Rear Admiral M. T. Endicott, Washineton, D. C.. chairman; Capt. Henning: a ae ae Pe chairman; Richard H.  ps; St. uls, secre "  Group 77—Capt. wun. hecbudl, Germany, chairman: M. Crizuki. Japan, vice chairman; Richard H. Phillips, St. Louis, secretary.  The following officers were elected by the jurors selected for the department of electricity:  Group 67--E._ V. Powelson, United States, chairman; V. C. G.. Holzschuch, France, vice chairman: Prof, Hl. H. Norris, United: States, secretary.  Group 68—Carl Hering, United States, chair- pa ee C, S&S. Burgess, United States, sec- re 4  Group 68—Prof. H. B, Smith, Paited States, chairman; Guydo Grassi, Italy, vice chairman; | Prof, D. V. Swenson, United States, secretary,  Group TO—William_J. Hammer, United States, chairman; Gaston Raux, France, vice chair- man: Prof. A. 8. Langsdorf, United States,” secretary.  Group TI—R. P.. Rosa, United States, chair- man; Dr. C,._V. prance. England, vice chair- men: Capt. M. C. Buckey, United States, sec-  etary. : ' y  In. the department of machinery the election of jury officers will take place this morning. |  The officers for the groups in the de- partment of agriculture are as follows:  Group 78—D. L. King, Hardy, Ark, chalr- man, Group 79—F. A. Converse, Buffalo, N: Y., chairman. Group 81—M. L, Sloyd, Tarrify- ville, Tex.. chairman, Group 82—E. B Paster, Champaign, Ill... chairman, Grou ae Hopkins. Nohara, Ill, chairman; ‘ike Naka- mura, Japan, vice chairman,. Group BE. H. Talbot, Mexico, chairman, Group 85—H. DB. Alvord, Washington, D. C., chairman. Group. 87—J. A. Le Clerk. Washington, D. C., are man. Group 88—Mrs, F.. H. Fug. chairman; | F. Ferrena, Ramos, Brazil, vice chairman, Group 89—Dr. W. D. Bigelow, Washington. D. C., chairman, Group $0— John & Lafayette, Ind.. chairman. Group 81—J, RS Haywood, Washington, D, C., chairman, Grow $2—W. B. Alwood, Blacksvura, Va. chairman, Group 93—P. Hoctor, New York, chairman. Group 95—Max J. Sonnenschein, vice chairman, Group 96—Prof. James W. Wilson, Brookings, S. D.. chairman.  To Be Given Reception. |  - The members of the jury of awards ih be officially weleomed to the World’s Fa next Thursday night at a ag ggg = to be held in the Art palace at p. m. The Art palace, which is usually open to the general public on Thursday evenings, will be closed except to those Invited.  Foilowing are the Italian jurors who arrived at St. Louis Thursday night and yesterday: Commissioner Guido ‘Biagt, Arch A. Mainoul, Ermenegeldo wapeatns, Bugenia Fuselli, Guiseppe Spora, ae Sautarelli, Prof. Guido Grassi, Elvio = leri, Prof. Cautalamesa, Ugo Ofetti, Eurico Rouff, Alessandro Bartha, Angelo Salmoiragni, Enrico Tenzio and "Guido Pantaleoui. wi  Brazilian Reception.  A reception will be given by Col. F. M, De Souza Agetes, commissioner general to the World’s Fair from Brazil, in the Brazilian ees on September 7. The reception is to be given in’ commemora- tion of the_ eighty-third ited Basie of the indepentance of the United States of Brazil. Almost 8000 invitations have been issued, including officials of the Exposi- tion, foreign commissioners, attache: state commissioners, exhibitors and prominent St. Louisans. The reception will be in the hall, which covers the en- tire second floor of the pavilion, :  oietnaienatanigll | Miss Carl En Route Here:  Miss Kate Carl, who painted the por- trait of the Empress An, left San Fran- cisco bie agen» en route to St. Louta, where she will he the guest of her brother, Francis Carl, Chinese commis- ! sioner to the bdr dusted Fair. 