[Views of the World | at the World’s Fair 1 # x t ae | oat seit ree lames xt i  The Old Settlers and- Their View.  The old settlers had their day} yester- day, and yésterday was also the day of the “talking are light,” which shows a number of surprising differences from tlhe tallow. candle of the old settlers’ era. Taking it for granted that the /old_ set- tler Is more than to years old, he dates from the era of the tallow candle, for, it  } Was not until after E865 that the, coal oil lamp came into general use. Betore that time coal oil was sold in bottles asa remedy for rheumatism. The era of the tallow candle was followed by that of the  Spermaceti”’ candle, which was not sper- maceti at all, but a by-product! of lard such as may still be had at the corner groceries. So civilization passed /into the era of the coal oii lamp and then inte that of the electric light, which) on old settlers’ day at the Fair suddenly begins to give concerts or to deliver /lectures when the button is*pushed to turh on the current for the light. |  —_—__ --——__— ,  In the view of certain old settld4rs there may be sueh a thing) as a eivilization too eomplex for those who ure not’ prepared for it. In the Sew of some others there is such a thing as an excess of simplicity. This is my. own view, supported by a dis- tinct recollection of. a set of molds_for the home manufacture of tallow |candles. They represented the most: advanced thought of their era, for they molded haif a dozen candles at a single pouring. Aft- er all the seraps of tallow not available for other purposes had heen saved in some convenient vessel whose odprs were not usually pleasant, they Were re-en- forced with cake tallow: and after the -whole had been heated until it was liquid it was poured through a strainer! into the molds, where the wicks, after.havying been manufactured previously by the|old set- tler’s wife, were stretched on sticks so that they extended through the molds to the bottem, which, conversely speaking, was the top of the candles. | _AS a result of this) process, such of the candles as did not ‘have air bubbles in them came out ready for use, in! connec- tion with a pair of brass or iron |snuffers, Placed in the bottom of the candlestick for use about once every five wothutes, as the wick burned and leaned over)so as to Geflect the blaze and cause the candle to Gurn wholly om one side unless promptly snuffed. j  Here the connectioh between the tallow eandle and the talking are light |/becomés apparent, for when the candle began to Sputter us the wick leaned it was under- stood to be delivering a message to what- ever member of the family the wick pointed at, as is set forth with accuracy by the poet who wrote:  There's a message in the candle  : And it points direct to me. | |  Those who infer that my education has extended to actual) observation) of the Manufacture and| use of tallow) endles will be right. as t infer they usually are. For though IT myself date more especially from the era of the coal oi] lamp, I have always made ita point from my earl: south to cultivate the acquaintance of that conservative element of! society Which deliberates and consideré before adopting changes, proposed in |methods hatlowed by time.| Among the donserva- tive’ I found those who gladly promoted my education in those arts which belong t othe most respectable .and consistent conservatism. So that I have not/only ob- served the. actual manufacture $f tallow candies. but have actually assisted in it by holding the molds and helping to pro- vide! the sticks on. which to stretch ithe wicks. I have also been present and in some sense participating when butternut and other dye stuffs) were being prepared for the manufucture of cloth. | T have never prepared the) corn husks, or per- haps more accurately. ‘shucks,’) for the cores of cotton thread’as it is manufac- tured on a spinning! wheel, but am fa- miliar by actual observation ith that whole process from carding the batting to working the hand-loom. Aithough I have never actually manufactured soap. I have actually poured water into the “‘kve hopper,’”’ as a_ beginning of |the pro-  | céss, and I-have observed the successive stages of the process so closely-that Iam  eonfident of my present ability ta conduct  a:soap factory of the antique spe. with  aitew -suggestions Hgts any old settler  who hail sufficient jconfidence fh me to  permit me to take charge of the work  under his supervision. | a  This is not by any means alll 1 know by actu:tl observation and incomplete ex-  periment cf the liberal and athes arts of the old settlers. Fdr instance, am fa- miliar with the process of making both  ‘split-bottomed and  “shuck-bottomed!’ chairs. I could describe with comparative accuracy the various stages of Se  ‘ture through which a cypress ‘knee’ zoes  ‘before it is.converted into a well bucket, and I nave myself Manufactured a -‘‘dip- per” from a gourd. I might go jon men- tioning a long list of other things belons~ ing to the useful or the literal arts of the past. of which many in the present know so little that they have not been able to suspect the extent either of my infor- mation or their own ignorance|. When I suggest it here, thus ripe beh it is not with a view to bringing myself into greater reputation, but rather of suggest- ing to many who pride themselves on b¢ ing up-to-date, how great ‘is the extent of their ignorance of the useful) and lib- eral arts which belong to an era, without which they and everything they are proudest of knowing would have been im- possiblc. i | ; Thus an Old Settlers’ day at the Fair I am able to re-enforce them not dnly with moral support, but ey with intellectual support made posal le by actual know!l-  ‘edge of the asséentidls of the age of the tallow candle. As between the tallow candle and the conversational are Mpg Hh am not prepared to take the stutid of an extrémist. I am satisfied with ve eye less simplicity at present than that -of the tallow candle but, on the other hand, I am not yet preparefl for the time when, en pressing the button to turn on the lignt in my bedrcom, T will hear a lecture on ethics or a selection from the latest |, igh There are conditions now imagina- ble under whigh the civilization. of the electric age might beceme so complex that the only escape from it to a quiet life would tie through cutting the connection  With the power house and going back to candle molds. HORACE FLACK. 