An Expert’s Notes on  World’s Fair Pictures  Holland—Room 34.  No. 1@1, “Summer Morning,” by Willem Hendrik Mesdag, The Hague. The painter of this beautiful picture is a man of inde- pendent means, a great collector of art objects and practically the doyen of the artists of his native country. This picture must either stand or fall by the manner in which the sun is introduced and its In- fluence on the landscape. It has, however, as we see, been very subtly piaced. It is a ges 4 toward the right of the center, anc at such a height as to suggest an overhead sky, and at the same time, by its elevation above the tallest masts in the foresea, it is made to suggest illimitable distances beyond the horizon. The proper place from which to view it is near the north door. From there a true estimate can be formed of the delightful perspec- tive of the coasters and fishing craft both inshore and in the offing.  The sky is packed with clouds and films of vapor, each of which disseminates either the golden yellow of the sun or its ruddier rays. A faint, purplish summer haze broods over the sea on the horizan. The distance is very delicately indicated by the yawl in mid-distance and the two tiny specks beyond. The slight touch of | | red between them and the tenderly drawn broader line of ruddy yellow (one must £0 | . rear the canvns 10 see these) give, with | ~ great knowledge of effect and skill in ex- ecuting them, an immensity of expanse } . and light. Standing away again to the |° left, the reader will be able to appreciate r not only the extreme ot aged of the sur- face, but the exceedingly beautiful blend und float of the colors of the sunlight and of the sky as well that pervade the fore- sea, He will also notice that their monet- ony is charmingly checked and varied by the interception cf the hulls and snails of the various craft that dot the surface. This admits of the local colors of the ves- sels. tempered as these are by the slight haze and the light and color of the zeniths to be reflected in the water, and at the same time admits of their being blended anto that beautiful pearly bluish purplish eray which gives to the almost ungainly hulls a dreamy light reflecting grace of outline and mass that makes their forms so perfectly harmonious with the restful- ness and eee of the whole scene. The Ficture might have been called “A Sum- mer Calm,”’ for the wide, flat troughs in- eaove indicate tuat there is nothing to sreak the surface stillness but the slight undulations that at last ripple over one another as they near and are retarded by the beach on which the spectator stands Pah 84. “A Quiet Corner in Laren,” by ‘rans A. Langeveld, Laren. This pic- turesque, quiet little town among the sand dunes has become since the death of Mauve, who lived and painted there, aS great a center and one almost as classic in the eyes of young Dutch painters as Barbizon itself, ‘ This Jand- Scape is a rather daring effort for a young painter. The sky is full of piled- up clouds on the left, and to the right and over that part of the picture a splen- did stretch of brooding dark-blue rain clouds. The whole landscape, in fact, ex- cept for this sudden burst of pale watery looking sunlight, is in shadow. The sky is very threatening; boding another rain- storm, The distant trees beyond the houses seem still dark and sodden, The pools of water on the grass in the fore- ground show that the pale white gleam in the sky is indicative only of a reprieve.  The thatched roof against the sky, a dark-gray violet. and the tender pur- Pplish gray of the wall, are true to the day and the lighting, and are very tenderly felt. The grass of the yard, partly lighted by the reflection from the sky, is a very varied and lovely green. The shed roof, the mellow dark, rich red of the roofs behind the trees to the right; the- fine bold drawing and springing of these trees against the dark, brooding sky; the “trash’’ in the corner and the color of the old stumps from which thease trees have originally peen watersprouts, are as if from a very mature reach The man and the wheelbarrow are finely and unobtrusively placed so as to give a human touch to the otherwise too lonely scene. The dark green vine clambering SY the gable on the left, the gray blue of the windows, and the russets and reds warm up this corner and give a habitable feeling to the whole surroundings. The fine tune of the green of the pollard wil- low against the roof on the right and the very artistic way in which the stems of the young saplings in the yard are seen one moment, and almost; lost -the next, shows’ power both of observation and execution that promises weil for the fu- ture of the artist.  No, 133. “Evening,” by Bernard Schre- gel, The ie. re This is an extraordinarily mature landscape, both in color and style, for 2a man of 34 years. The purplish clay- brown soil and the very rich dark grayish green of the grass, both in shadow, show a fastidiously refined eclecticism in color and a certain inborn classical chasteness of approach to nature.seldom seen, if ever, until late in an artist’s career. The gradations of this green, especially to the right, where it gradually emerges from shadow, ure fresh and vivid. The bark of the bare stems—the leaves being higher up and outside the picture—of the saplings on the right are most paintably conceived and are both delicately rounded and lighted, their gradation being well-nign perfect. ‘These and the Corot-like young tree to their left, that so beautifully veils the blue space of sky. accentuate the loveliness of the silver pive-greve of the sky above, and add to the distance and illimitability of the rich marbled yellows of the clouds below. Then look how meaces at f yet firmly, all this beauty is achieved. First there is a prepared ground of delicate blue, and then that is boldly touched and hatched and cross-hatched withovt ever being touched with either the finger or the pallet knife and left to dry. Is not this both simplicity of treat- ment and consummate knowledge in one?  The artist has availed himself of the fact that the prevailing northwest wind off the sea—fur where we are is on the borders of the sand dunes—gives a land- ward trend to all tall, slim, growing trees, to give to the group on the left the grace- ful inclination of their forms; a grace like that of Corot and at the same time the he ats of a Rousseau. The spaces through which the tent of the sky is seen are so beautifully introduced that they seem to have introduced themselves. The rich dark green of the foliage is as mature in color as that of an old Con- stable or Dupre, while the beautifully painted light olive yellow and soft gray- green foliage in front of it are all his own; and what a setting that dark green makes for them.  The silver gray-green of the bark of the stems and the dark ultramarine of the spaces where the bark has disappeared are full, not only of an elevated_tender- ness and charm, but or Loman See with what finesse the point where the reflected vellows strike is. just faintly touched with the brush. How deftly 7 how un- hesitating|y the brush travels over that lovely atmospheric, yet gently ascetic, green-blue-gray of the dune on the horl- zon. And how delicious is the sun-lit green that escorts the eye on to the rich  urplish brown of the plowed land that Bes between. ‘There is a singularly new note, a knightly approach to nature, in this young genius that must infallibly  ide him to even higher flights than this fp the service of his chosen mistress. pa ene Room 37.  No. 34. “On the Heath,” by Jan Van Essen, Scheveningen. This is a singular- ly versatile painter. He lost his Jeft arm when out hunting, and has painted sev- eral tine studies of wild animals. ‘The picture before us gives one the impression of a cold, bleak November day just before the first touch of frost. The po mgs except the bright yellow belt in the distance, where the sun strikes the sand, is under shadow. The drift of the wind is from right to left, as can be seen by the gwaying of the delicately painted birches. ‘fhe beautiful clay-brown color of the perfectly formed bunker-like sand hole in Phe immediate foréground, and the dell- eate gray-gteen of its down slope, are the result of the direct light reflected from the zenith.  The central tier of clouds is beautifully stretched across the orga ges The sky spaces are fine in form, and seem as if just about to be closed from ee by the rapidly phan 3 and chan ng *rain- clouds. The central mass of cloud and its light pinkish brownish white Byper edges are pr f lighted by the slightly. watery sun, and, in Semonreenee they cast below them blue-gray shadows; until, as_ the cloud-form soars on the wind, and is age overhead. they assume the pur- Rls tone that all shadows of low and  ense clouds invariably have. The lower stratum of the sky is filled with smaller and more filmy bright silvery white cloud- lets, which, consequently, cast no shad- ows. The blue > oe ge of the oky here are so finely indicated that one {fs inclined to think that no one but Jacob Maries could have imported this bright, silvery, + New mr light-reflecting quality into  em. :  The moor is overshadowed by a large cloud. The rouEh irregularities of tis ee face are delightfully rendered, the result not only of a iove of such lonely places but the outcome of repeated and. intense observation of their color and contours. The uray clay-brown_ spaces contrasted with the color of the “bunkers” are inimi-  » * 