band gets in there and goes to playing ‘God Save the King,’ it had better look out for Snake rang ‘That tune is something he won't listen to without fighting.”  “Well, well,’ said the horseman, who saw “Tommy’s head rising off the cushian again, and sought to queil the rising agian t “Snake has troubles of his own, so I imagine he won't try to stop the music. But I gn tell you why the Irish band was allowed to play in the midway contrary to rules and sepulations. It was because they played ,Wearing of the Green,’ and every police- Man around the place is an Irishman.”  “It was a breach of international cour- tesy,”" growled. Tommy.  “Not under the circumstances,” said the horseman, soothingly. ‘‘The audience as- sSembled in the midway to meet the party was almost exclusively Irish, and there are always a great many of that ‘blood in the vicinity of the Union station, to the imme- diate west of which edifice lies St. Mala- chy’s parish, containing a great many Irish families, all of which are now up in army xeainst the invasicn of the scarlet evil. “l'ho Wearing of the Green,“ by a real Irish band, was calculated to increase their en- thusiasm.”"  “But St. Malachy doesn’t haye to figkt the. battle alone this time,’’ said the emi- nent lawyer, in the first, “as she did two years ago, when this same removal of the searlet woman from Chestnut, and Pine, and Market streets, was up, and it was known -that St. Malachy’s parish was. the place selected for their transplanting. At that time the good people of St. Malachy got little or no sympathy or moral support from neighborhoods not threatened in the same way. They were left to Sent their+ own battle alone, and -they did it effect- ually by serving a notice on_the authort- ties that, if the thing was attempted, they would defend their homes by-force of arms; And they went to arming and drilling for that very purpose. But now they have all the help they want. Even Cabanne is stirred up, and very much afraid of the invasion, I was very much surprised when 