=n) LOUISIANA IS TO oie Py -2 esi Sane - PRESERVE EXHIBITS re: ea lab xe ee Soe a Tee Tit ? STATE TO OPEN MUSEUM = Z * ¥ ee -» Will Oceupy the: Famous Old > ° : v , ; Cabildo in New Or- é ‘ | _ VALUE EXHIBITS AT $50,000. - ‘WERE PRESENTED BY CITIZENS AND ARE PROPERTY OF THE : STATE. The Louisiana exhibits at the World’s Fair will be transferred at the close of the Exposition to New Orleans, where - they will be under the control of the _ @tate bureau of agriculture as a perma- Rent museum. Following the completion of the supreme court building, the fa- jy a old Cabildo, which is now used by ig @.court, will be vacated and utilized as the resting piace of the exhibit of the re- rhe and history of the Pelican State, E The Louisiana commission, at a meet- ing held jn the replica of the Cabildo at @ World's Fair yesterday morning, de- termined upee this course for the preser- ' Yation of the Louisiana exhibits, The ex- bits have nearly all been donated to ; 8 Se omepe mer ag by patriotic citizens of is ana, and are state property. At the _ lose of the Fair the commission will Surrender them to the bureau of agricul- Hee: which will maintair the museum in ; ew Orlearis. Maj. J. G, Lee, the com- _ missioner of agriculture and immigration : r Loutsiana, was present at the meet- ®, and arranged ‘the plans for the re- _ eption of the exhibit. aa To Replenish Goods. il the perishable goods in the exhibits f tn at. Louis will be anovally replenished é Shang the museym will give a faithful ory of the state development at all paw. A building, formerly a large bil- “ * hall, on Carondelet street, has al- 'y been engaged for thé reception of _ the exhibits, and this will be used as the ‘ Bite nak home. The history of the Ca- Bis © makes it an ideal place for a state _. Museum. The building is still in a good fue te of preservation, although it had , m in use some years at the time of _ the Louisiana purchase transfer. cere- _ Montes, December 20, 1803. . The Louisiana exhibits at the World’s 3 ahd are among the best on the graseee. @ fifteen in number, and displayed in ; n different buildings. Besides a_ dis- y¥y of Colonialsfurniture and historical fecuments of great value in the Louisiana _ State building, the commission has two _ Spaces in the palace of Agriculture, two ; spaces in Lee pence of Horticulture, two _ 4n Forestry, Fish and Game, one,in Edu- tion, .one in the | pelace of Mines and Metaliuray. one in Liberal Arts, one in the ‘ Transportation building, and a reom in the Anthropology building. : Exhibits Are Unique. . The Seuieits each contain some ynique Conception executed with a spirit, that i one originality on the part of the’ com- ™ oners. A woman in sugar, the com- : pice, process and equipment for treating - w en in all forms, in the Agricul- ors milding; “Satan tn Sulphur,’’ and “Lot's Wife in Salt,’’ in the Mines build- : IRR; a working model of the great United 5 tes dry dock at New Orleans; models _ of all forms of transportation from the _ @cean ‘liner to the Indian canoe, and a Wagon 5? vears old, and still in active a tl the Transportation building, illus- _ tYate the ingenuity that has been shown. & The entire value of the collection is esti- - ated at from $46,000 to $50,000, and it canoes ct A years of work by the best ; perts of the stete. Dr. W. CC. Stubbs and Col. Charles Schuler have been the - commission in charge of the exhibits at the Exposition. 