the river to Venice and Madison, [lh,  oe after 3. o'clock yesterday efter- noon. Several hundred persons were ren- dered: homeless, while the property lass, will run well into six Agures.  The area covered by the storm did not exceed a mile square, ani cutside of that particular section there was: practically no disturbance. Jn fact, people in the business section, oniy two milés from the | scene of the storm, cou!d searcely be per- | suaded that such a thing was_ possible when the first reports began to come fn. Reports of eye-witnesses mgree that ag storm was a‘genuine twis-e:. t  Followed by Heavy Rain.  This storm was followed about § o'clock last night by a terrific rainstorm, covering the entire city. The rain was accomp:z- nied by an electrical display jof intense power. The fire alarm rang almost con- tinuously during the thirty minutes the storm raged, no tess than five alarms coming in from the World's Fair grounds, which had escaped tha. afternoon storm. entirely. None of tha alarms was of a se- riows nature anu little damage was report- ed. The wind during the evening reached a velocity of fifty-two miles an hour, | while the rainfall approximated 2 inches.  The cyclonic wind which swept down. upon North St. Louis-yesterday after- noon ;tore its way for fifteen blocks through houses and. sheds, leaving a path filled with debris. Houses and factories between Hleventh street and the river. were unroofed and the walls of a hundred residences wat blown in. Broadway, from Bremen avenue south to Dock street, was literally piled with debris, tangled tele- graph and electric poles and cables, street: signs and loose boards. The small loss of life was remarkable, when the fury of the storm*is considered. -  The early storm came most unexpect- edly and only the’northeastern section of St. Louis and the towns across the river in Illinots suffered. In other parts of the city the sun shone and no. one knew of the storm until the police reports came in. The storm’was a cyclone in its se- yerity and was accompanied by a veri- table cloudburst, which did fully as much damage as the wind.  Viewed from Race Track.  Visitors to the Fair Grounds race track hac a good long-distance’ view of the storm,’ but did not know of the havoc which had been played. All they saw was a dark cloud hover over the new water tower for a minute, saw it sweep southward and to the east and then down and out of sight. It seemed from the track as if a great black blanket had been laid over that section of the citv. It was hours before the full meaning of the cloud déveloped. 4  The. weather was cyclonic all day. Those who remembered the great storm of 1896 remarked early in the day there would be something stirring betonp the day was out. -  Fully. 100° houses were unroofed by the storm, wires were blown down, cars stopped and smokestacks carried away. The smokestack of the WNiedringhaus rolling mill, the National stamping and enameling company, 50 feet long and 18 inches in diameter, was blown across the river. 7 r ,  The Broadway electric cars, the only line running through the district, were stopped, the cable or feed wires being down for a distance of ten blocks, but this trouble was soon remedied by sup- plying emergency wires with current from the North End power house,  The.amount of the damage roughly es- timated last night, S $250,000. This,  /however, may £0 mugh higher, when dis- 