our se pond on each side of the continent will worthy of a world’s fair.’’  “We may be in a war with some for- eign country at that time.” ; | ‘That wouldn't occupy ws more than six months,” said Carte, “and we could give the fair in the other six.”’  “A world’s fair is too big an, undertak- | ing for any city to carry on single-hand- | oT -  PAwanra b ‘eeeg a Mae we = AST us , oe pie a a | HY FF ~ ‘ =_ 3 INF \ 1 A o 8 ° 3) fe < (\ hat :s <I Hark sae { i " —<PRRS eaREONINCSRNESS i 1 a> Wh ‘z ; I)  r >  : :  Ek,  Uncle Sam’s own World’s Fair. ed," continued Digby. ‘‘ThesUnited States soeermament has always to put its shoul-  er to the wheel, and it might as well hereafter turn the wheel... Its finances are gl pees unlimited, and it is getting a ot of experience !n that line."  “A world’s fair ts really as much a function of the government as raising reindeer tn Alaska_or experimenting at ivrigation in the arid regions,”’ said Wil- kins. ‘One every ten years is necessary te the education and information of the peonple.”’  “There might be some, question where they should he given,’ added Digby.  “That could be determined by the city that would put up the biggest bonus.to get the fair,”’ replied BE gee  “T guess Chicago, Pifiladelphia or St. HLouls will pore ronety. give the others a chance.”’ said Carte.  “Yes.” exclaimed Al. Fresco; “they would be entirely unselfish in the mat- ter.**  When you see scholarly looking gentle- men with beards prowling around in the lonely college sections, you know it is  | some of the alumni.  “Come in and ask questions,” is a. sign  Boag up by an hese 2 exhibitor: in e  fachinery building. Mae and Karo- Ivn went in and asked what tirhe it was and which way to go to see the queen's jubilee presents.  German Fast Africa Ts not bidding | for immigration as Rhodesia is at this Pair. A mosquito netting hat and veil neces- sary to be worn there is left right out where everybody can see it.  - There was once a sea serpent and it  was off the coast of New peg Its fas-  sil remains have been found and a picture  of it adorns the New Jersey pecwmin? exhibit. The watering places have tra- dition and the scientists om their side.  A man who weighs 300 pounds should reflect that if ho insists on Nanya, 20° cents worth of seat on the intramural he should pay 20 cents. 4 :  If there is no portrait of George Wash- ington when he was a young man, won’t some artist evolvo one? Let us have the Father of His Country when he was sim- ply a young mar. and not the ‘‘father.”’ “Dear .me,” said the girl from Bryn Mawr, .‘it.must be nice to run! one of these big engirn®-s. I’ve been in here half a dozen: times, ard all the engineer has 19 do is to:rub the brags work,”  “Maybe {v’ll be cool in there,’ sald the pink. Httle schoolm’am, leading a. small oe toward the conservatory of the forticultural building. Then they went in—and then they came out! + A curious looking hearse built im 1840 is on exhibition, but as an Irish joker -might-say: “There's nobody left to feel ashamed that he was carried in it.” —_—_  It must be noted that Germany has met France in every form of artistic contest  et this Fatr except in feminine fine  clothes, and here she has siven up the field rae ty os for nine hats in the Liberal  Arts building.  . The melancholy days have come, the  saddest of the year, when there's hardly any place to sit; there’s so many people  here, we eC.  . Picard and French Band Arrive. Srrciat DisPatcH To ram GLosr-DEMmocrat. NEW YORK, September 2.—The French liner La Savoie, in to-day from Havre, bore M. Alfred Picard of Paris, wh) comes as special envoy and delegate of his government to the World's Fair, with ambassadorial rank. at the head of a list of distinguished visitors. The famous -band of the Garde Republicaine, also bound for the Fair. will leave to-morrow night. There are eighty members. Branchi to Remain as Commissioner.  ROME, September 2.—King Victor Ben- manuel to-day signed a decree relieving Sig. Giovanni Branchi, at his. request, froin his post of consul general at New York. Sig. Branchi will remain in the United States as Italian commissioner to the St. Louis Exposition. Sig. Corte, the Italian:consul at New Orleans, has been appointed consul general at Denver.  Indians Riot at Chicago. Srec:at DigPaton To THE GLoBE-DEMoORAT.  CHICAGO, 1LL, September 2.—Indian tomahawks were put to eye oi by police- men’s clubs to-day when’ een riotous Sioux braves en route to the World’s Fair were forced out of Collins’ hat store at La Salle and Madison streets. 