Rapid civilization of the Igorrote.  Land lIwbbers will be astonished to sce that Galveston harbor is a canal instead of ® broad’ saucer-shaped body of water, deep-  ' = est in the middle, as |» Marine Information ure ali ponds and ; pools that land lub- ; for Landsmen. bers know. anything ee about. There is a odel of it with the water removed in the nited States government's display. By it e\seo that two or three miles from land he, steamers "Must be navigated as car-- ay 1 the channel that has been sredged  nd excavated, as.the steamboats in the  i pi, and that they. can't sail in ts eae any regardless, or they  fast Ment in mMe masse of th  - harborfa’ low, F € possibly lie over on _ their}$ide Helpless8ty’ and ignobly: -There ~ isn't ay more harbor than is necessary at Galveston, and theré is just enough. When they any more, they make it. This canal harbor is. distinguishéd by a deeper tue coforing as well as by the excavation the plaster model. Where the ships  rayel you can fnsert your middle finger tw ae depth of the first joint. You can, but rou refrain, for'a sign warns you that you imust keep “hands off’ of Galveston har-  r. This empurpléd channel comes right  -up to the wharves and docks and here may fe the largest freight steamers of the orld. Out beyond only light burden sail-  ing vessels skim about, for between the ‘water front and Bolivar point stretches a great plateau of sand—of the same material and contour as that Galveston is built on, except that ft is several fathoms below the pres instead of a fathom above it. ts  =. =a —_— —_--— .  ‘An elderly tleman was serenely ex- mmining the fans in the Japanese display land the American young lady in charge of  them w describing  Pecullarities of carefully to him their  workmaasship and  ; Falr Shopping. value. ey had been  e : : talking @yer the fans for halfan hour at least.  . “Well, all this inlaid work is mother of ./pearl, isn’t it?” he asked.  “Yes, that is all done by hand in little Lite of pieces; you see it is so carefully put on that you can’t notice where the Pieces join unless you search for the place.”  “What did you say the price of this Manis?" -  ~|.**This one is $18." . “Let: me see that one in the back part of ~ tthe case, the one with butterflies embroi- dered on it.’  “That is very handsome, that came from YTokio. | It is also exhibited by-Mr. Tagawa. These are the finest fans made in Japan."  “Tt is certainly very fine,’’ Holding it up  ~ to the light. where the hues of the butter- —files done in floss silk seemed to be irides-. cent. ” “Here-is another, embroidered with a | dragon in«gold,” said the young woman, picking out a larger fan. “How much is that?’ ; ; ' “Tt is marked $24.”" :  “T don't want one quite so high-priced. Have you any for about $10?"  “Oh, yes, a great many; very pretty ones, jtoo. The are in this other case; here is one for Sit. one for $9 and one for $10.50."’  A ing and careful examination followed,  . and at Jast the gentleman said: “I believe 