Do parades excite an appetite for : smoking?  An interesting experiment {s>golng on, which may be observed with some solici- tude. A young man stationed. behind a_  counter, who nas sou-=  A Soft Voice venirs for sale, is en-  « deavoring to secure  Turneth Away: customers by speak-  ‘ ing to them in a4 con-  Purchasers. versational tone of, voice instead of bawl-  in at them like some street preachers ad- dress the Lord. It is still doubtful whether there is anything in his methods. People may have to be converted to it. Some of them may resent this: bland -and offhand familiarity with them and prefer the loud howls which they can ignore .f they desire. The barker tnat shouts, disperses his appeal to hundreds. It is impersonal; you are not necessarily supposed to hear it, although necessarily you ..do. But to have a voice breathing a low' key’s entreaty at one’s very elbow is to arrest one’s attention without warrant. The rcents are those of some confidential friet, while the words are the usual cant of traffic. “The combination is likely to be unpleasant. When we are in the hard, coal realm of commerce should we not be addressed in its unvarnished, unpadded, bare and unpretentious vernacular? We want no one whispering in our ear to please buy a bag of pop corn. Qn ‘the other hand we do not want any one to.address us in ae voice of a Patrick Henry: Some humor-  Pe has suggested that the vender silently $tand and point at a placard which states plainly and clearly, with no unnecessary words,-how he desires.to serve us. Spare us the familiar fprm of solicitation, but also Spare Us the too eayer uproar of the rural sideshow. }  An apparatus that supplies hot water “‘in- stantaneously"’ to bath 'tubs always has its interested cluster of spectators, but many turn awey in disappointment when they find it isn’t portable-and can’t be carried around to boarding houses.  The British pavilion has been dedicated: Now will it be cl4sed?  _. The decorative scheme of the flower beds is red, white and blue; heliotropes have to do service.as blue. A peculiarity of all blue flowers is that they haven't staying quaii- ties. oe .  Turks in red fezes never seem to have thoueht of ?‘the glara of the sun in the eyes’ ard smoked glasses. 2  A sign, “‘No hunting on these premises,”’ nailed to aw oak in the Philippine section may be addressed to the head hunters. Since it is signed “Isaac Taylor, director of works,”” everybody ought to feel safe. Manila’s wall has taken on an ancient and moldering hue, but a carpenter spoiled it all for a moment by opening a lath and plaster door in the masonry und coming out.  This is the only known public resort with benches under the)\trees that the lounger dces not have to divide the benches with tramps. ,  There is a plaster meteorite at the Fair 6 feet high, but a real one as big as your hat is more interesting to look at.  | If the red steps on the hill were of maple sugar, they couldn’t’ appear more suspi- ciously nibbled off on the edge every morn-  ing. A fresh edge has to be put on each  day.  Three Moqui Indians inspected the textile displays for two hours, and were most in- terested in the Japanese paper napkins. Why, no offe knows.  It is reported that one of the spectators ran in great fear down the steps when the cascade descended at 11 o’clock yesterday; a man from: Arizona, perhaps, who is not “broke” to waterfalls. =a  “Public curiosity is aroused as to how they keep those dishes on the table in a storm in the wardroom of the battle ship. Perhaps they don’t.  Paintings on the stairway of the Cabildo are the same ancient color as “old mas- ters’’ and just about as good. |  When they tear down the Manufactures sanenng. the grand doorway on the south ought to be saved. It is too imposing to throw away.  Who will ask for a concession for paper parasols—cheap ones that you can carry for a day and then throw away?  A test-of eyesight for the past twenty- four hours was whether the erie wheel was turning or not, but it was.  Igorrotes are no longer the simple and innocent creatures they were at first. They begin to notice that ‘they are being noticed; they are growing vain and basen an oe  AE a SEI So ie ar a tem oe a tg ee LITE 