t  President’s Daughter Spends  . Entire Day Seeing Attrac-  tions at Exposition.  GUARD MAKES’ HER PAY FARE.  =>  YOUNG WOMAN IS VERY ENTHU-  SIASTIC—HOLDS SEVERAL IN- ; FORMAL RECEPTIONS.  Miss Alice Roosevelt made a day of it yes- ‘terday at the World's Fair. She had the ‘unusual experience of arriving incognito, owas the guest of honor at the dedication ‘of the Illinois building, had luncheon at ithe West pavilion, visited the Philippine Teservation, received a gift from the chief of the Igorrotes, saw the Filipinos parade, ‘had dinner at the German building, and ended the evening on The Pike. At the close of the evening she was the least di- _sheveled and the very brightest of her party.  Arriving at the main entrance in the morning in a two-horse spider, a tiger on ithe back seat, Miss Roosevelt was not reo- ‘ognized as the daughter of the President ‘of the United States. The guard had his orders to admit Miss Roosevelt, who would come in an automobile, but a lady in a spider was a different thing, and so sne , was not allowed to enter the grounds until she paid the 50-cent fee.  As she drove into the grounds Miss Roose- velt made enthusiastic remarks in regard to ,each object and was in the happiest humor, She was a very pleasant disappointment, for she is much prettier than her numerous photographs show her. Much of her beauty is dependent upon the sweetness of her ex- pressive smile.  Yesterday she was gowned in a coarse meshed linen skirt and coat of Louls XV. style. Her ‘skirt, which was simply made with plaits, wos shorter than is generally worn, and her black stockings ¥the plainly visible above her low-cut tan snu.3. Her large white hat of Italian straw was un- trimmed except for a voluminous veil of white lace folded softly about it, falling low over her face. Her waist, a small part of which, was visible, was of lace, and a cres- cent-shaped pin, composed of large pearls, added the finishing touch to her dainty cos- tume. Her brown hair was worn low at the back of her neck and held in place by a large tortoise shell pin. ‘  z Goes to Illinois Opening.  &5 a  ) her arrival at the grounds Miss Roos’Py!t was driven to the Iffnois bulld- fiz she joined “the receiving:line and | “ag introduced to Gov. and Mrs. Yates.  Go¥, Yates escorted her to the room above for ht refreshment and afterward she was hotographed. with Gov. and Mrs. Yates. In the meantime there was much anxiety at the West pavilion, where Mrs. George D. Markham was expecting her at luncheon. ‘  The mahogany table in the directors’ room was uncovered save for lace-edged 