intermediate space between the two build- ings became thronged, and Minnesota and New York surrendered their porticos. it Was quite the most ia | attended State celebration of any held on the plateau of states.  The art gallery catalogue has probably done the best it can, but one must feel some slight and passing aoe Te to-  ward the Italian art- Pictures and ist who offers three of his treasures on Their Titles. the walls of the Ital- fan section, each one described in the catalogue merely as “‘oll painting.’’ Of course, we know they are oil rtinonit: but we yearn for a more definitive description. Almost all the art- ists are chary about titles. What are we to say of a canvas 10x65 feet which has no other title than ‘““‘Woman and Cat?’ There Is the cat, truly enough, and there is the woman—but what woman? Who is this woman and why is the cat? What's the answer? The public likes a story. Shouldn't the woman be somebody, and is there any call to he so meager in imagination about the: cat? Let us have a legend to lend it charm. On the other hand, the fascinating pointing ‘called “The Witches’ Sabbath,’ ow it spurs your eet into fancying what it can mean! You never solve the riddle; the artist himself knows not its poly but there is a deal of delighting speculation in what it is all about. One < — —— ye ey ee ——=>== —_——_— co RDess 2A 5 Sl ky Zy By : 24. | ti 4°e * C4 | A J (A RG? ML La ¢ * 6 \) . . @ v a8 Ss NN A a YY \ i te) , \ me oS i) Fe 4) t Vy, » FF , | . CYN d WZ > %, Vij oe \ : — a £ .)) et a = — ‘ === — 4 LJ . - . ¢ ~ x EX | 3 If we only knew. may be forgiven for believing that the artist merely starts out and ‘tts and when his wild, unharnessed thoughts are transferred into almost vine. bape, | figures he must by the public’s deman give his creation a name, so he contempt- beret 4 inscribes any meaningless label upon it, as much as to say, “You don’t ex- pect me to vulgarly name this heaven- sent inspiration, do ag Words have nothing in common with Art.”  Be sure to see the exhibits of fossil cake in some of the cooking displays; cake made last May ought to come under that description. ay  About a the handsome marble show" in the British exhibit comes from Ireland and much of it is green; even the rocks ery out.  Mary bumps and no “beg piers... is the daily experience at the Fair. Man- ners fail to survive these strenuous days.  British pictures in the seller of Fine Arts,are all plainly labeled. hy. can’t the American pictures be so labeled also?  American journalism is more profound- ly appreciated than some may delieve. 4 foreigner was seen laboriously reading a newspaper, a word at a time, by the aid of a pocket dictionary. Modesty for- bids us to mention the name, etc. :  North Lior 2 has as nord porcelain ony as Tapani ut no North Dakota man will spend two years modeling a jar.  First visitor. What are those loud re- ports, the Boer war? ,  Second visitor. No; that’s the young ladies chopping up the candy for the day's sales. ~ One of the most uninteresting displays in the Mines ag ep 2 was a coal mine. But now since they have started all the machinery running it is just the opposite.  For the first time the raise band rode in rater in yesterday’s pro- cession. hat if the bass drum and the cymbals had got separated.  It is not the esupesrance of the mas- tedon” that may have interested the reader so much as t ora yn ot a sheet Of that inten - ‘2 . peace story umn. as devoured the Yitice cat.  “Don’t go in there," cried the impulsive ‘eveaae we n they came to the Anierican section of the Art por a Regie the pic~ fore. of surgical ope ms are hung. But the unimpulsive man went in; and ‘then he came out and went out F og ae 