Views of the World at the World’s Fair| ES es SE THE PRESS FEEDERS AND) THEIR VIEW.  The twentieth century press we celebrate at the World’s Fair is one which feeds it- self. In the course of the year it) unrolls automatically enough-paper to stretch from the source of the Mississippi river to the mouth, and -cuts it into finished papers, each one of which is as hear a universal exposition of the world of a day! as ex- perienced feeders of the press can make it.  I have seen the different fee se of feeding this press by telegraph instruments, lead pencils and typewriters, as it is fed at present, and I know a number of those who have fed it for so many years that from being at first elate with the honor, the responsibility and the power of the work. they have Savelapes into the semblance of “modest, shy, so tapoken men,’’ with here and there among them as mild a mannered man as ever watched his fellowmen en- gaged. in cutting, throats and scuttling ships, that he might be-the first to get it on the wires, that his press might be the first press of the world to be fed) with it through special cablegrams. | i  These modest, shy, soft-spoken men move among the rest of us at_a world’s fair with their capacity for understanding and admiring fully developed. Admiration is their business and they learn their business only as they learn it. | At first they reay. have agenired themselves ; as journalists above-ail the works of nature and of art, and there may be among them |here and there those in whom this capacity for ad- miration is still self-centered, so |that as they look downward upon all that is best in the -world they see ee mistakes which might have been avoided in it had their views of it‘entered fully into it from its be- ginnings. But. these, too, may so) develop tin oo their post-graduate course|as feed- ers of the press, that hereafter any one of them may be. able’to listen: with modest and respectful interest to. a_ celebrated prime, minister in those countites where celebrated prime isters are| educated to make the worse pear the better part as it is fed to the press.. And when they have listened, learned; admired and under- stood all he has to say of his high states- manship,-they may be able to ask the one modest pet case full of respect or him, his high attainments and his exalted place, which, whether he answers or declines to answer, will wrest out the heart of his >mystery.that few, inconspicuous, sentences at the close may give the world the better part along with the worse.  Perhaps cdlleges of journalism in. the twentieth centusvy may dévelop higher types among feeders of the press than those whv us,the world has impressed itself upon them mre and more in all its various aspects, attempt to “ontrol it Jess and less as they .8e@ more and more clearly that their a i est duty is to inform it, not of what they think it is; or ought to be, but pr what it really is, that at last it may make up its own mind what it ought to think of itself. teathers the new century may do this. Per- haps’ it may do much worse.  It may be-that the world as it) is to be can only be revealed te itself |by higher types of men than those of the present, but when they are summed togéther in. their knowledge, those who are now in St. Louis know it as it is in all its continents and in most of its islands. It has teen their business to find facts and to state them, In ahe time of Defoe, the first great modern journalist, this cast the pillory. | Though it does not usually cost anything of that kind now, it still costs so much that the men who feed the press and learn all that must be learned to do the work), give as their tuition fee, each one the best/and cost- liest thing he has, which is his life as long as it lasts’ on earth. He does not usually become a saint, and never in any case a martyr if it can Possibly be avoided, but when he has made his. last statement of facts and his work is over, he has left the world with a possibility of less martyrdom for all'the saints it can. produce out of its | own knowledge of its need for them. . _ | To the feeder of the press Whe comes 1000 or 4000 miles to St. Louis, the world at the’ World’s Fair is more plat et | because of all he has seen of the worl elsewhere. He may have discovered ‘in the first few years of seeing things that they are very much alike. everywhere in their classes, but he spends the rest/of his life in learning that they are also very differ- ent in and out of their classes. During the rest of, his life. he becomes more and more interested in them. The man tis! has seer’ most of all there is to see of all any great newspaper tells in the course of a year of what the world means is the man at the World’s Fair who is most jinterested in everything it has brought | together, whether it’s great or small, SORE OMT or inconspicuous. He may have wholly lost _ his gg ange ed for astonishment, but in place!) of it he has developed an increasing fac- ulty of interest in and admiration for things that are interesting to si whether they seem admirable to others or not, and admirable to him. even when others may | think nothing admirable unless it is also astonishing. | |  Among. these feeders of the press are. those who have entered the senior class in the great university of journalism. Theirs is a Fpticenge of speech, art, ‘pass here and there on what seems | be their owh way, but it is the wey thy world is going and what they retain. What sticks to them at last without their conscious effort, is not merely what the world is saying, but what it is actually doing. this they will tell it all at any time it is ready and willing to know, The rest is, for that time; part of their: reticence. It came to them quietly. see, hold it quietly. It is power, and if it is the ewer of a great man, it is quiet power. ow much of such quiet power came to 8t, Louis with by feedera of the world's press I do not now, but I know that it came, and that among them, guiet and reticent. are men as great in all that makes vower to help the world to fuller knowledge of itself as the ‘world has produced. It Is the highest greatness, the greatness which s as itself only in re- sults and loses itself in them. | : HORACE .FLACK. 