An Expert’s Notes on  World’s Fair Pictures  ) Loan Collection—Gallery 5. NORTH WALL.  No. 66, “A Wocd Interior,” by Diaz, 1808-1876. “‘Here’s metal more attractive” | than all Diaz artificialities and confec- tions. We have here the man, and the poet, too, in all his unequaled power. The subject is, as _ see, one of intense dif- ficulty. The old quip as to not peng able | to see the trees for the wood is no longer applicable. iach individual tree, like the members of a large family with a devoted | mother, is equally cared for. Jéach is ro-| bust, picturesque, graceful, fine in tex- ture, and carries an air peculiar, breed- | ing aplomb, in fact, that Diaz conspicu-_ ously understood to give to hig trees. What a ride @ lighted, delicious summer air they live in, Ce human ogee ceed jonship. Such is Fontainebleau as paint- ed by Diaz—for he loved every rock, every turn in its many drives and by- paths. How the lights are painted not only on the trees, but on the Bree ne the latter a sort of warm benediction that makes the undergrowth and the for- est flowers luxuriate in their simple in- violate Jives. Romance is in the air— cultured, controlled romance. Nymphs or classic dancers would, if he had intro-| ducéd them, have destroyed it at a blow— Sanam the old knight of La Moucka would not be far amiss. Looking at this  {cture recalls your visits to the forest Sust ag reading Cervantes takes you into a rea}, tangible, es romantic, Spain.  No, 72, ‘La anse des Amours,"”’ by Corot, 1796-1875. This picture has many beautiful qualities, both in color and in painting, but the brush has borne itself. ‘like a sick girl’ in the half-foot square that depicts the lake Then, when the spectator retreats from the picture about 12 feet, the ungainly form of the space. of sky at once becomes a rock of offense against which the mind will ever after stumble. Corot, near the picture, or com- paratively so, grobeins never realized this fault The P cture is, however, groat-. ly sunk; for it ls absurd to suppose that thé nymphs, after whom it is named, were left to carry out their joyous, and in Corot's hands always igrecetut and appro- priate sping ree in so dark a haunt.  This {fs a beautiful Corot, a cultured, re- fined Corot, but one which might be ac- quired without much adventure in th9 age Pi dag A age peruse not of the dealer, but of the collector, being like ‘that of the genuine Persian rug collector. a toil of love; exciting as a moose trail in the early fall, when the noble animal can protect itself. It is the quest of oth- er enthusiasts that protects the deserved price of Corots,  No. 68. ~Anrges Dance, Evening,” by Corot. The middle distance of this great evening epic and ‘‘lyric love” at the same time has undoubtedly changes by the chemical action of some of the untrust- worthy pigments of the day, bitumev, ete., but for all that we have here a prod- uct that “is not light, but vision. it seems to us to be the most remarkable example of the presentation of a country and a climate exactly adapted to the den- izens of it we ever saw. There is not a_ strained or pty Ferg touch or effect in all that magnificent sunset effect. How are they reconciled? There is no answer possible. You might as well try to dis-— cover the reason one person is more ayn: uinely and unconsciously charming than arother. Genius rarely submits any sign of its special intervention beyond a Ccer- tain something that others do not pos- sess. It is not always visible to a man’s generation: Had Corot died as young as  az or Millet, he would have gone to his cere a man whose message, ‘pmlc fully  elivered, was not understood. ig pic- ture gives one a sense of amplitude, a feeling of satisfaction, such as we derive from reading “A Midsummer Night's Dream,” It is not, however, in any sense of the word dreamy. The Pine ae ot evening — are not one of them slurrej or taken for ogee It is strong with a sense of mas t, and largeness of repre- sentation that those who have here seen it for the first time would not believe the generally peenaen overfanciful Corot—we refer to his works with figures of nymphs in them—was capable of. We obtain from it the same fullness of aesthetic satisfac- tion as we derive from the performance of some Shea led and blended or- chestra. It is, so to - orchestral BS es its lowest noe to the t reach of its SURP SSE. t disco without pam rgensation of the friction of [ al + “most excellent c."* en consider how fully the great power ot handling is maintained throughcut. all that luminous a marshy foreground gna middie distance. See with what a  ‘ull brush the nerinen is laid on ene the <xqrsitely sunligh hill to the far left, and the diapason of the pools and their aoe dignified I of  n how ed, how s cious power, is g exauleite vot the trees overhead and to the right, _thetr = Saere against the skv. There isa er  eur of embracing insistence in ther wide-spresding arms. They seem oer assurance tha ple) as they el to. extend their pro on the beauty and 