$50,000 FOR FAIR EXHIBIT. Srrorat CABLEGRAM TO THE GLoRE-Democnat. HAVANA, April 29.—The Senate to-day voted $50,000 to eect the extra expenses of Cuba at the Louisiana Purchase posi- thon. The House of Representatives made a4 futile attempt to meet. The Liberals re- fused to agsist in making a gars tgp be- cause the Moderate majority of the com- mittee on credentials intended to report adversely on the claims of some of the Liberal candidates. Some of the Moderate senators are attempting to induce the Senate to partly undo the adverse vote on the four recent appointments of judges of the supreme court. Friends of the gov- ernment deny that Senor Zaldo, minisler of justice, has made any pekge-set to make ap- ipaimasats of judges to assist = friends, ‘hey say that the action of the Senate in refusing to confirm the nominations was prompted hy personal animosity. The op- popuion senators hold the government has “i aved unfairly to the former chief jus- ee. Marager Pa eys Be of the peigened ot om ' pany says tha company p 3,000,- boo buscoes of bananas ffom Cuba this year. However, the company does not look to Cuba as a future source of a large sup- ply, as its latituds is too high. To Entertain Press Parliament. Completed arrangements for the enter- tainmeni to be given the byes ig tS press par- Iiament on the afternoon of May 21 were ward, chalries Of the general pre Cox ‘ward, chairman © gener fom- mittee. The entertainment will take the form of a reception and a Dr.-Lewald of the German ge! Se eens erial commission has loaned the beautiful G n ment a Gee for thé occasion. The Bait band SSaalges the music. Gen: mmissioner ht of the Italian commission will loan sh squad of Italian marines which have re- c a areie in St. Louis te do quand duty at. building. A number of pretty wall as dainty daiiods toe fey tin aae as hay Sy acer the Japanese and images od uses, Pd sérye téa dur- = Ba afternoon, atti in their native Nearly 1500 invitations will be issued. The fronts for the Slscastt ate aie Bevig men r the affair are Mrs. g Francis and Mrs. Phillip N. Moore. Soren ate ea : Pike Parade. : A parade of all nations will be héld on World’s Fair ig aes The ‘ Park Highlands Fair opens—April ‘ , i 