an inverted core of nard cake, resem- bling a coiled-up waffle, filled with ice cream. An ice cream had to be developed that would not melt too fast, but this kind of ice cream came into being some ycars ago. Perhaps some of that ice cream is still in existence. It never melts. It may disintegrate lke a glacier, but, strictly speaking, it does not melt. It is made of something more substantial. Ice cream has been substantialized for com- mercial. purposes, like lemon or black- berry vie. Time was when a lemon pie Was cut it would spread itself limply. nevertheless invitingly, all over the piate; now, when it is quartered and its sec- tions dissevered, it stands up as precise- ly, as immobile and as enduring as if it were made of rubber. It firmly refuses to ooze. Ice cream has acquired the same quality of: durability. It also oozes no longer. In time, if improvements keej: on, it will attain to the same strength of character as the ham sandwich, and it may be possible to lay masonry in it or build world’s fair palaces, or mold stat- uary out of it. It is only a few steps from the ice-cream sandwich to monu- mental architecture.  It is now your uncommon privilege to go out to the World’s Fair and see an apple tree blooming in late October. It  is not. it is true. a Apple Trees tented canopy of fragrant pink ana In Bloom. white blossoms, such as crowns the month of May and makes it in some ways a month more to be treasured in the mem- ory than nut brown October, but there are blossoms, and they are pink and white. They are on the espeliee trees In the French garden. Through the summer months one or the other of these trees has bloomed, to the great amazement and dumfounding of Fair visitors, and one of them seems always ready to take up'the role of floral entertainer when another ceases How this blooming out of season can be accounted for seems to depend on the time at which the trees were set out. Some of them were placed in the soil at the time they would have bloomed, and, failing then, they have got around to their natural function as soon as they could. There is not many of their natural traits that are left to the espalier trees. They have been trained to extend their branches at right angles and to send out branches in as regular order as the arms ot a trellis. The espalier tree is a per- fect example of the subjection of nature to man. It even blooms at his command. It bears frult where the gardener says it shall, and only so much as he says it shall. An ordinary be tree would not know its own race looking upon an espa- lier tree, and should it see one blooming in October it would no doubt turn its back on it as an alien and a freak.  The “‘putting-off’’ people are coming to the Fair now; and there are lots of them. They have put off visiting the Fair from  time to time, in that  Late Comers too - much - trouble- to-get-started way of  to the Fair. theirs, until all at once they have real-  ized that there won’t be any Fair to come to before long; and so the trains are crowded, the street cars bulging at each end, sightseers standing on each other's feet in’exhibit buildings, and other indi- eations that the number of people who suffer from procrastination in this coun- try is enormous. Punctuality is a rare virtue, and one of the faults that some- times accompanies it is an overpunctual- ity—a sort of ‘‘soonerness,”’ as they might say in Oklahoma. People greatly. given to punctuality often have too much. They arrive at the station two hours before the train starts, and they rie an appointment half an hour before the time set for it. Be- ing usually of a restless and uneasy tem- perament, they get as much trouble out of their virtue of punctuality as the oth- ers get out of their fault of tardiness. The two types are always at outs with each bch because they are always neces- sarily and unavoidably making appoint- ments. But all the punctual people will see the Fair and all of the other kind won't. Inertia almost anproaches being 