The World’s Fair  ee aS Se  - These cooler Jays see the baby out in full force at the Fair, and mostly it is the father who tends-it, and he is being ey a taste of what it means tu really  have his hands full. He bangs up the  ‘street-car steps with @ collapsible cart that falls open with the unexpectedness of acampchair. At the Fair gate he loads it up with baby, lunch basket and wraps and starts In for the day. Every hour or g0 he looks down to see if the baby is still ‘there and to set it up if its face is drag- ging on the whecl, or to dig some wads ‘of colored circular out of its mouth with his Anger and substitute therefur a mo- Jasses cooky from the lunch basket.  He gazes to one side and pushes the cart into some unsuspecting old lady or  .unobservant old gentleman, or he steers “2 ty the frail stand of a curio seller.  fren the baby gets tired of being down in the dirt where there is nothing to see and sets,up a protesting wail, he lays it gown with its unshaded face to the sky, or slings it over his shoulder in meal-bag style. or hangs it over his arm as he - would a coat.  But the man is strong and needs not the sympathy that is called out for the mother who carries a heavy baby about in her arms all day. Both hands being occupied, ghe lets her dress trail in the dust, hor shoulders bow out ungracefully, her hat gets on awry, and she has no heart to straighten it, even if she had a hand for the purpose. Around over the Fair she goes, peering carefully and impartially at everything and reminding one of a gold- fish patiently and aimlessly nosing every inch of its glass-walled prison.  Strange footprints are to be seen in tho Fair dust these dry days, and if any one has 2 fad for collecting such things, now is his chance for taking a unique set of casts.  In the black dust of the cinder tt there is the fan-shaped track of the Phil- ippine savage, in which every toe 15 apread out to the full and does its fair share of work. There is the longer track of the flat-footed African, the mark of the cleated wooden sole of the Ainu, or of the Japanese waiter ioe and ths soft imprint of the Indian moccasin. Sometimes the moccasin mark is small, and beside it is a big*dog track, and then it is made by the BHskimo girl from The Pike. who is out with her leash of arctic sledge haulers.  Around in the gumbo dust of the main pois are to be seen the prints of the flat-  eeled Russian boot and the flapping hheelless slipper of the Syrian camel driver, while surrounding them all is to be seen the mark of the spring heel ot youth, the spool-like heel of the giddy maid and the straight-cut congress gaiter sole of age.  Over in the vellow dust of the woods roads are the footprints of the big crows and the blackbirds and biuejays and, pret- tiest of all, the erratic, frisking track of the fat gray squirrels.  The model express office is the clearing, house for-the money of all nations, an sooner or later a piece of all the different kinds turns up there for exchange, and packages are sent to and received from all parts of the world. The office is ar- ranged as express men would like, but not at all as they get it usually, for they have to put up with the plainest sort of fittings, especially in the smaller towns. The counters and partitions are of quar- tered oak and of bullet-proof thickness, and behind them the clerks can dodge’  “when the office gets held up.  “Over in one corner is a carpeted space. some comfortable chairs, a desk with a elean blotter, and a_center table holding an artificial palm. Presumably the space 4s for the use of the washed public hav- ing express business with the office, while the unwashed stands up around a high little desk outside that is presided over by an artificial rose bush in full bearing. Blooming things give a bright and cheer- ful air to a place and ought to be in every express office in the land.  In another corner is another railed-in, earpeted space with desks and chairs, where apparently the express agent re- celves his friends in the ample leisure he is supposed to find. On the oaken coun- ters are absolutely accurate scales on which your package always weighs more than vou expected, and books of rates that orca dag make it cost more than you had hoped.  Back of the front office is a high parti- tion. and doubtless around there you would go if vou wanted to send by ex- fount such a thing as a live calf or a  mper of geese; a crated dog or sheep. or a box of fish on ice, for you can send  anything on earth by express. from a queen bee to a live elephant. a live baby or a rattlesnake alive or in alcohol.  -Work is slowing up a little down at the Fair's refrigerating plant, and while they are not cutting much ice, they have the more time to explain the working of the ice machines to the visiting public. The whole process can be seen from where the reasonably clear city water is boiled, condensed, rgboiled and filtered to where it is lifted out in a eae ice cakes — cans immersed in super-chilled  e.  Visitors are shown into the_ storage room where 3-inch frost crystals depend from the rafters, and they can_ scrape snow from the cold pipes and mold it into snowbalis.  Out in the engine room. a few feet from a hot pipe: is one that Sp get nde several degrees below zero, and if there is any visitor who missed poten his tongue on @ cold wagon tire in his youth, he can remedy the oversight im a_ satisfactory measure by applying it to the cold pipe one or more times. Right there in the ‘warm engine room is another pipe carry- ing an inch or so of glistening frost, on caused one rural visitor to tell an-  ere was ‘‘enough snow o to track a rabbit in.” - oe GENEVA LANE. World’s Fair Notes.  -J...C. Thompson of St. Louls purchase geralshings of the Utah building at the World's tes = : for $1500. The furniture is  Azn! _—, yle and will be used in the pur- "President 4q_R. Francis, accompani Director or Bahtbits Peg Feat. sadne LL al Boyle, or Lewald.’ commissioner ral. from. Germany, and George Gerald, commissioner general from France, visited the  Peres building yesterday as the guests of Sexe ohn G. Brady. It was the first formal  sit President Francis has paid to the build-  , aR ly half a_ dozen’ state co - to the World’s Fair are now ne Lous, a being fewer of these officials at their  of duty than at any time since the Ex- position opened. The occasion for their ab-  SS is the general election to-day. The last  the state commissioners to depart for home  to vote was F. R. Green of Fredonia, N. Y. who left St. Louis Sunday night. :  The Howard college cadets, from Birming- ham, Ala.. who have been visiting the Ex- position since November 1, left for home last night over the Illinois Central. The company Numbers sixty men and the officers are: Capt.  . I, Smith. First Lieutenant W. J. Morrow  Second Lieutenant Nicholas Dozier. They  ve been occupying barracks No. 1 since  their arrival and have been giving daily drills in Administration quadrangle.  The Educational exhibitors’ association, 100 strong, were the guests of. Miss Pillar Zamora ft the Model echool in the Philippine section yesterday at 10:30 o'clock. when a special  _ Bession waa belie by a clasx ef thirty of the  ermine vitinecs. from the Moro, Igorrote and work in the class In mental  ~ writing and naming objects held he  iver: or pilneed upon the table. was all  ven in sh. The session was closed with  eee Oba Kereacen Fae ind ay ead eas  Stans e"* several oth:  inns Pe which were given hearty ap.  ‘Presifent Francis received the followi ter | the Interparliam lowing. let- ap ag ational arbitration, ‘sienet  parton ana. z PBroureerds Thomas  a undersiened, on if of th sional. ttee- P| A gy Oar ei ternarliamentary Onion, desire to exprece thar sincere ‘gratitude for the courtesies extended Bt. one » oceasion of their visit to  “Our distinguished visitors enioy ‘horoughly their Ph rink Banauet given by you in batidine® ins, hostess of the Kansas  PE a 8 t* the Worlds Fair, eit aten ae: the host: ees of oth eetate battht ding to  Roh ‘Ya Fo , OEHeE Ate DUGIn aw. t-  Ys expected at. th Fimmenede: tatt pera ageed Of this week. The arty will spend a week o   eralet Ss -armetvic “ine ceil Tr ek of << Gpeablon foam tha. trials: of the cee | Riis the United exhibitors’, thé campaign. ag dinner to fifty guests In the New ‘York _, building Saturday even See ene lasoctation, = Slave tote ead ad the ions of five ex- - $nes. will entertain the ofjcers of Bice! eee 