., A rainstorm has an equally depressing ef- Peet ona camp ‘meeting and a world’s fair. , Bo ro their heads and are mo  i melancholy by it: and  : The Fair. both are revived to in- stant life and eleva-  * ‘ReJolces Once More. tion of spirits by the : return of sunshine. So | when the sun beamed forth an hour or two | before he sank behind the Administration  ‘building, or wherever he is in the habit of ‘Binking, there was a salting up of umbrel-  *and an unvwrinkling of faces that made -all ithe plazas and terraces and even the re-  a hgh interiors .of the big buildings )smile. For it had been sprinkling and threat- rening to resume Monday's drenchings, and the nrud had re-enforced itself over night +and “proved for the nineteenth time that \ broken stone reallv does go through to . China when it is emptied into the rich, ailu- pat soil of Missouri. W# you should crack up | Pike's peak into macadam and put it into a  Missouri road it would sink toward the _ bowels of the earth and not a sign of it _ would remain. To quell the kind of mud we jhave it is necessary to roof it over with + somethirz—asphalt or brick or wood. But  this is n™ an esszy on paving. The rains be-  ing over and gone, in spite of the flood it 4 wes found that the ark rested securely on @ hilltop on the west side of Forest park. | That “is to say, the Irside Inn was intact and had not even wprune a leak in the roof, the spot where it- was feared it was most unseaworthy. From it was repeopled the  Leuisiana Purchase Exposition, and from it -came its occupants in the early morn, even “as the inhabitarts of the ark, two by two.  The reason they came two by two was be-  cause that was all the wider the diligent . porters spread the shovelfuls of cinders jacross the mud, which stretched as it must , have from Mount canals after that forte deve and forty nights’ adventure of which ‘Noah was the hero. Byesticking close to the  cinders the 8000 peonie at the Inside Inn succeeded in reaching the neighboring lawns , of the state buildings, on which they walked  —even rcmped—in a shocking and lawless | manner. But they were mostly editors, and  it is an editor’s business to tell others what  they should do. He is a law unto himself in all matters except the advertising column. and there, it must he confessed. his lack of  a firm and ewe ty spirit is sometimes ‘painfully pronounced. But I am not talking about editors; how one will wander off. To.  Fret back to the rain—or rather mud-story;  t (the mud) was exactly 2 inches deep on each ofthe beautiful, winding, sylvan drives, , and men with shovels were sent out to- ,Serape it off. But there being no place _ to scrape it to, and as it was just as thick— and just the same tint—as gravy, it re- mained in large pools, waiting for a genial sun to restore it to a more stable consisten-  oF; if it is goirg to reappear after other t instorms, let us pot og at once with a se- ‘ries of good, substantial plank walks about the grounds. They are not parklike. to be sure, but they are so solidly comfortable and keep you from having wet feet; and. after all, what is architecture with wet feet?  .. First view of the Fair grounds when il- ‘luminated at me te thus impressed a visitor who offers the following: 