for the paraders, and the rarsiagen were admitted free to the Fair oon s.  The aids of Grand Marshal Fekete were: Charlies T. jones, Earl T. Jones Al Keech- jer Wugene Gibson Charles McCormick, William Thrasher, George Lotz, P. J. Wal- lace, G. F. Smith. John Kickham, Daniel MeGiynn, M. J. Butier, Anthony Keiley, Patrick Flannery, Henry Henshaw, Rob- ert Davis, Joseph Vonnahme, F. P. Hager, Patrick Martin, Louls Rastiser, Chris Big. eon, Con Reed, Morris Tissier, C. L. Gray, Ww. H. Hiil R. L. Rinaman, Homer Win- der, Tancred Eggmann, Vernon Clark, Michee!| O'Day, Robert Conway, James Donohue, J. J. Kane, Peter Gaynor, John Banahan, J. J. ‘Townsend, John Dowd, John Trendley, Dr. J. Haggerty, Andrew Zittel, Henry Roewe. James Goff, John En-  Mish. T. J. Haley, Thomas May, Jr., and corms Cannivan.  Mayor Cook said Saturday morning that everybody had left East. St. Louis ex- eept those who were sick in bed and those who were locked up.  The 1200 members of the public school chorus, all in grades above the fifth, and 49 from the nish School, left the differ- ent school bufidings at 10 o'clock. At Third and Washington avenue they transferred to Delmar cars and were taken to the Jindel] pavilion. There they ate their dinners, pic- nic fashion. and waited for the purade Their badges, countersigned by Mayor Cook, took them through the gates.  All of them carried school flags and there were many class banners which had been awarded for merit in different particulars and some which had been made for the oc- casion.  The fare of the members of the chorus back to their homes is to be pafd by the East St. Louis school board. Fach teacher has been given a dime and a nickel for each scholar under her charge, and when the children are ready to go home the teacher will distribute the coins.  The financial burden which the teachers had to carry through the day was consid-  erable, but it was necessary to have the car fare in the correct change. All the women and girls from East St. ‘Louis wore new hats for the occasion, and  it was soberly stated that there is not a store in the town that has any left.  Saturday night the stockyards contingent and as many of the other contingents as ean go the pace will do the Pike. They | will be marshaled by ‘*Al” Keechler and “Jeff Daniels, with “Tom'’ Fekete ex- offcio member of the steering committee.  The High School boys have arranged to meet at the Louisiana Purchase monument | at 7 o'clock for the purpose of emulating their daddies and trying to outdo them on | the Pike. It is conceded that the boys will be heard from, but the odds are being | placed on their fathers. .  By way of delicately suggesting that all East St. Louis roads led to the Fair Satur- | day conductors of the East St. Louis & Suburban railway called out “World's Fair” at every corner.  The parade attracted a great deal of at- tention as it passed through the St. Louis streets between 11 and 12 o’clock. Every sort of vehicle was in the line, including 2 number of automobiles, and they were all | decorated with flags. There were a num- ber of bands. 