——_@—_—— | CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE. aT gee pm ag oe er a Se Me  They ran down the wire to the receiving room on the ground floor, where the oper- ator took them by telephone and clattered them off on a typewriter.  Right opposite the Post-Dispatch build- ing there is an interstice between build- ings. It is caused by the short stature of the American Exchange bank. The wireless telegraph messages come into | Broadway through this opening. The jack- j staff waves the little wire at them, and zip, they leap on it, run down to the in- strument they call the responder, and tick tu the ears of the operator, who wears a telephone receiver.  Messages Go  Through Steel.  The messages do not come through this opening between buildings because they have to. They do it because they follow the line of least resistance. Up at Ninth} and Olive streets is the big Frisco building. It is almost all steel. It Is right square in the way. A straight line from the Post- Dispatch building to the American de For- est Telegraph Co.s 30-foot tower at the Fair would strike this big Frisco building. One would suppose a wireless message, | countering it, would rush against this big | building and split itself into four billion fragments. |  Ah! But it doesn’t. Zip it goes, right through the building—right through the | steel and the wood and stone, right through the pretty typewriter’s head.  Does it hesitate?  How could it, going 186,000 miles a second?  Now wireless telegraphy is a subject for scientists, but anybody can understand how the American de Forest Wireless Telegraph Co. is flashing Post-Dispatch Fair news in | from the tower It is dead simple. 1  Out at the north end of the Plaza Orleans | the De Forest company has built a tower 0) feet high. They could send the end Dispatch messages into the city from the | ground, because the distance is but four miles. But they are going to handle aa sages for great distances from the tower, | 60 they put it up high enough to overcome | the curvature of the earth. The wireless message would penetrate the crust of = earth all right if it had to do it, but there are so many minerals in the earth that the progress of the message would be rough sledding. There is no reason why a wire- less message should go burrowing through Posey County, indiana, when it might just as well be flying through space like a bird, 50 up went the tower. Isn't that plain, though?  Now, they have wires strung to the top of this tower, and on the first land, about one hundred feet above the ground, there is an operator who ists at a telegraph in- strument. Kvery time he clicks the instru- ment, the click leaps from the instrument upon these wires, and goes scudding up with 2,000 volts of electricity urging it along.  There is a short break in the wires, and the click leaps icross this, with the elec- tricity whooping things up lively. When the spark clears tiie gap it strikes the end of the wire with such vioience that an agi- tation of the current is caused, and the click or the dash or whatever one of th: Morse characters the operator made with the instrument down below, goes off into space, poof!  It Can't Be Tntercepted.  Did you ever throw a stone into a pool of water and watch how the waves roll away in every direction from the center? That is the way the electrical spark or the click or dash goes from the wires on 