The World's Fair had something more than its 500,000 electric lights for illumi- nation Friday night. ‘  It had the lightning. and, with the lights out and darkness. total, and with thou- sands of people looking on in wonder and fear from every shelter upon the grounds, ‘the lightning gave such an exhibition of brilliancy, of wondrous shapes and awful beauty as not all the artificial illuminants ‘in christendom could equal. | The lightning laid great blue forks, won- jerful fork of many tines, against the ‘black, rumbling sky. It flickered here and there through the falling water with dart- ing tongues. It cast sharp, jagged javelins of fire out of black clouds and into the _ midst of the Fair. It tinted the whole  sky with solid blushes of blue light. It | washed the very clouds with waves of pur- pile, and, just to remind the thousands of spectators that this was not anybody's electrical exhibit but Jove’s, a fluttering: | streamer of light would fall down from | the storm every now and then and » 2) some structure. | Bang! | Rain feil in torrents, and the wind blew in sweeping guests, but the lightning was ‘master of the storm, It is doubtiul if any more beautiful and violent electrical storm has ever passed over St. Louls. The for- ‘mations of light were wonderful. At times ithe lightning would flash a perfect three- ‘tinted fork, big and beautiful and as quick ‘as the eye. Again it would send one jagged sword across another Hke great blades wielded by dueling gods.  At other times it would bathe the whole heaven with a faint glow of light, as though the gunners on Giympus were scek- ‘ing targets for fresh bolts.  _ Bang! Bang! Bang! It would go at times, Title-like in the repetition of fire and the cracking deionations.  | A perfect bayonet of light would dart out ef the darkness now and then.  Look!  But there was no turning to see it. Like a flash it came and was gone.  Many of the spectators were terrified. ‘Up in Festival Hall. where a big audience was sitting In darkness, the wind was beat- ing the big dome with rain, and lightning /was playing upon the g.ass in wierd and | peneersel forms. There were outcries of fright and some of the men in the hall ‘arose and assuréd the people that there was no danger, Director of Works Isaac Taylor being one of these to lift his voice in assurance. | The orchestra played “Dixie to allay the fears of the more timid. and for half ‘an hour there was music and speech-mak- in in Festiva! Hall without any other Het than that which played on the g!uss roof, |  A bolt of Nghtning struck the bandstand on che Plaza St. Louis when the storm was at its helght—8:15 o’clock—and the sfruc- ture was damaged to the extent of $75 by tire before the firemen upon the grounds could reach it.  This was the only fire alarm turned in during the storm, Sep ie lightning was striking in many parts of the Fair.  At the Chinese village on the Pike the people had a terrifying experience. The place was crowded with people secking refuge from the storm, and a huge shaft of lightning fell upen it Mke one of those great dragons which is the Celestial’s bete noir. There were crack'ng reports like those of « pistol. and tongues of Hight fairly licked in_at the windows and doors. |  Wah Sing. one of the employes, was struck by a falling signboard and painful- ly hurt. Ah Song, another habitue of the place, was up on a balcony when one of the 