who spoke es the representative of Prvsi- dent Fooseveit. Says Roosevelt  Is for Peace.  hr. Loomis extended a welcome to the delegates in behalf of the President of the United States, who, he said, was in entire sympathy with the great movement to in- sure a word-wide peace, and remarked that “President Roosevelt realizes the hor- rors of war as well as the blessings of peace.”’  Mr. Loomis then dwelt on the importance of the present congress and its capacity for accomplishing substantial results.  The United States, Mr. Loomis declared, has served on 70 out of 100 boards of ar- bitration called to settle international dis- putes and throughout the length and breadth of civilization the wisdom of American judgment is recognized.  “President Roosevelt.” continued Mr. Loomis, ‘‘cherishes the hope that some day the path may be made clear for the United States entering into a comprehensive plan of a with all the nations of the world.”  There are three questions, Mr. Loomis said, which particularly should engage the attention of the peace parliament 2s bear- ing on its labors, anarchy, immigration and emigration.  _ Unless the individual is improved it was impossible for a nation to settle more than trivial disputes.  Mr. Loomis was followed by President Francis, who delivered a short address of welcome.  Representatives of various foreign coun- tries will read papers at the afternoon ses- sion.  The delegates will be tendered a banquet | Monday night at the Tyrolean Alps. Music | will be furnished in the dining hal by Komzak and the Exposition orchestra, and the Mexican National band will play in the pavilion cutside.  Vice-Presidents  Make Addresses.  The following vice-presidents, whose names were announced this morning, each made an address to the congress in_his own language, with the exception of Con- gressman Burton, for the United States, whose place on the program of addresses Was taken by former Congressman Samuel T. Barrows: Germany, Deputy Hauptmann; Austria, Ritter von Gnievosz; Belgium, Senator Houzeau; Denmark, Senator von Krabbe; United States. Congressman T. E. Burton; France, M. Cochery: Great Brit- ain, Phillip Stanhope; Hungary, Count Apponyi; Italy, Marchese di San Cuiliano: Norway, John Lund; The Netherlands, M ae tae De Bavila; Roumania. eu. at; Sweden. ty jekman; Switzerland, Deputy Gober s acme  LANDY MANAGERS RECEIVE PEACE CONGRESS DELEGATES. ; The most elaborate reception yet given med es of Lady Managers was that given Monday afterno ir henor of the delegates "tv the intecpeetn. | peng wg 5 - and the ladies Pape ing ein. = . ue to's re F< ae at 3 o'clock, to contin-  There were about 1200 s ing the delegates and ladies, directors ond tend ing officials of the World’s Fair, members. of the national commission and members’ and attaches of foreign commissions. , _Mrs. Daniel M@nning, president of the’ Board ef Lady Managers, received in cha sreen salon. She was assisted by Mrs. Hd. ward L. Buckwalter, Mrs. Mary Phe'ps Montgomery, Mrs. W. E. Andrews. Me Belle L. Everest, Mrs.William H. Colemon — — Finis P. Ernest. The green malontl  as decor: . pros beauty con profusely with American.  Refreshments were served fro h bles in the bz — - m three ta- there were ie oe segs ‘ecm 