i el ae ——__a_—_—  Ocean Steamship Lines Expect More Travel to United States Than Ever Before.  —— ee —  Foreign Visitors Make Exposition the Occasion for Carrying Out Long Deferred Plans.  NEW YORK, May 14—In spite of the gloomy predictions of steamship agents and others several months ago, travelers are beginning again to cross the Atlantic in large numbers, and the outlook is now for a much better season in ocean travel. Es- pecially true is it that large numbers of foreigners are coming to America now- adays. Indeed, never in the history of steamships have s0 many European tour- ists been arriving in America as at present.  Steamship men agree that the St. Louis Fair is largely responsible for this foreign “invasion.” Travelers themselves say that they have long planned the journey to America, and the Exposition has furnished them with a good excuse, for there is hard- ly one of them who has not contemplated a visit to Niagara Falls, to Washington and to Chicago, while many will go as far west as Sa. Francisco.  Speaking yesterday of the outlook for the summer, Gustav H. Schwab of the North German Lioyd line said: “Our ex-j, | perience is that traffic will be larger than] ’ last year. It is surprising how within the last three months the demand has picked up. and the booking is greater than ever.” Smil Boas of the Hamburg-American line, said: “Everything with us is now filled until the first week in July. The season was slow in opening, but people as a rule go later to Europe now than for- merly. The increase in western travel is due to the St. Louis Fair, and the large bulk of the travelers are coming from Germany."”  An official of the International Mercan- }, tile Marine Co. said that bookings had been poor up to the middle of this month,  .|but for June they were quite good. ‘There is no doubt but that this is an off year,” said this official. “The St. Louis Fair will  ‘lkeep at home many of that class who have  |just so much vacation money to spend, and political conventions and the election  ‘jwill have their effect on others.”  “While our steamers are not entirely filled, the @emand for cabins is constay on the increase,” said a Cunard official,  ‘land we anticipate a good summer trade.”  - One of the managers of the French line  -|said that his company was doing much  ||} better than was expected a month ago. 