ee Arrives for Fair Opening to Find Him- self Omitted from Cere- | monies. : MISSOURI NOT REPRESENTED eee | Chief Executive Is Chagrined, Re-| calling State’s Contribution of | ~ $1,000,000 and Holiday He Proclaimed.  Gov. Alexander M. Dockery of Missouri is chagrined.  When Gov. Dockery, chief executive ree the imperial state which is the home of St. | Louis and the World's Fair, and which gave $1,000,000 to the Fair, read the of- ficial program he found that Missouri had no place on it. !  Missouri's chief executive was not named as a speaker.  Missouri had nobcdy to stand up for her on the platform. . F  Missouri's name was not mentioned.  Mayor Wells name was on the program, and he was to speak for St. Louis; but Missouri and Missouri's governor——  Gov. Dockery read the program over and over, thinking his eyes were deceiving him. But the last reading was like the first— he and the state which he governs had been omitted.  Gov. Dockery thought of al! that he and the state had done for the World's Fair— of the Missouri building being the greatest and the grandest among the state buildings, of the $1,000,000 appropriated by the state; of the laws passed, giving the Worid's Fair corporation what was asked; and, finally, of the state holiday which he, as chief executive, had named at the request of the World's Fair management In honor of the opening day.  ‘ All of these thoughts did not in any man- mer reduce the chagrin that the governor felt. _t  Gov. Dockery, however, wiil not say much on the subject. He thinks he and Missouri can stand it, better than can those who were guilty of the omissior. ‘  But Gov. Dockery’s personai staff is de-  _ ¢idedly angry, and not backward in express- ing its anger. The members of ihe staff—ali of them warm if not partial and preju- dice@ admirers of the governor—feel that an affront has been offered the chief ex- ecutive of the state. They say he can make as good a speech as anybody that  Was put on the program; that he had a better state to talk about than had any 5 other opening day orator, and that he : Ought to have been invited to speak. All day Friday, from the time that Gov. ; Dockery arrived, and ail Saturday morn- ; ing, until everybody went out to the open- : ing, Gov. Dockery’s friends were telling 2 him how badly they thought he had been * tréated. : The governor refused at any time to say a much about it. But his friends knew that 3 he felt hurt ana slighted; for it was the ¥ one sudject whose discussion did not bring “3 Mo actlon the famous gubernatorial wink. 