of the intention to have the Baldwin ship makes an ascension Tuesday afternoon, the tip had been given to quite a number, so that when the ship started up, counting World's Fair visitors who happened up about the concourse, there were several hundred spectators.  The ship sailed out of the eaat door of the Aerodrome. There was a 10-mile-an- hour breeze from the west.  Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin watched ft anz- lousiy, and yet with confidence, as Knaben- schuh “Steered it squarely around in the teeth of the breeze and sailed along Init 50 feet from the ground, the length of the Aerodrome, which is 180 feet.  Turning again, it salled eastward with the breeze, rising gredually and e the high fonce of the concourse z5 It then sailed over the pment —— ot Ledy Managers and: “oe office of President Francis in Admin- istration building.  A ae farther = ane cage wus to make two #@ oO < againgt the eeene. Mints tine ik ‘ but the third time he succeeded andi a against the breeze for a short distance. — ae shen continued on his easterly course, _ and it seemed that when the ship was : the (Legere ng PC probebly a chain c with Cex, DPOke.. 6-2. ee Ps Bae oe | The: operator was_seen trying to ‘the break, but he did not appear to be ceeding. He 9 fae ood w gag og = . jto weve at the tching ext * ‘through glasses from the Aerodrome. = Bo haan this to mean that he was right.:  From that time it appeared that he was siding the breeze, but it was apnarent | that ie had control of the vaive cord = could. descend whenever it suited him. A least, that was the opinion of the experts who ‘were watching his flight. =  When the ship went 4 there was a rops 120 fest long dragging from it, to be use@ in oxen its flight when the deecent was made;  When Mr. Baldwin saw that something had Lappered to the steering gear he left the acrodrome in an automobile and started eastward across the World's Fair grounds, homrez to keep the ship in sight. CROWDS AT POST-DISPATCH BUILDING VIEW AIRSHIP  “Leék! The alsehip?’'  Crowds along Broadway watching the _PostIispateh presses looked to the south, and ligh In the heavens saw the first alr ship to pass over St. Louls. | A long. ciear-shaped object which did not seem to be going very fast was what they saw. :  It was high in the heavens, and howe | coupled with the haze of the day, re clear vision Impossible. | Whether the ship was 4rifting or under complete eontrol of the cperator was not detersained, but there it bung to the south iand iy full view of the afternoon crowds (on Broadway. | Slowly ft passed out of the line of sight, | but hundreds still stood there with hands shadtng thelr eyes from the diffused gare of the sun as they sought to make out the details of the. ehip.  “What makes it go?” “Is it really an air ship?” were the questions that each In the crowd asked his neighbor as the ship slow» ly_ passed across the heavens,  For five minutes, from 2:30 to 2:38, it wag in ful! view of the crowds,  BALDWIN’S ATR SHIP :  Baldwin's airship was constructed under his supervision In CalHfornta. It differs in meny features from ships conetructed In the past. and upon the improvement Capt. Baldwin places his hopes of winning the $159,000 prige at the Fair. 3  The gas balloon is cigar shaped. of Jap- anese silk, 54 feet in length and 17 nee | in dismeter. and requires 800 culic fi of gas to inflate tt. The frame attachment  fe W feet in length  It carries a double eviinder, seven horse- power gasoline engine. m ng west revo- Jutions a minute, to arivet cae | yrs eee One o7 the chief new features of the mae chine ts an arrangement whereby the ship is pi ed through air, instead of being | pushed | EXPERTS SAY SHIP | iT | NOT IN ANY DANGER | When the sirship passed out of sight of | the experts who were watching ita fight — ifrom rhe World's Fair aeredreme they ali | Sarsed chine Operator Habenachuh wat in BG prrl | Percy Hudson. superintendent of aeroe ppautl s for the World's Fair, said to the ! ost-Dtapatch: |; “I €o not believe Mr. Haberschuh fs fa jany danger. The Baidwin a no ; Deeke: The operator stands on the frame. work of the machine. and on each side | him “@ &@ pet work which would ihim from a out If the nrachine | to ag? — or —  “In ™ ng a ee Ag peo = be safer than he would tf were 7 baske:. There “1 a danger at bie } coming entangte trees the fr } ging of the machine itaetf. "te he wanted ‘to or it became Latg ong he ae cee i a g-ound through the work ihbim : | “Het the machine will alight : for It has plenty of baliast oreperts daa + uted. :  LT a ES RCE sii Re “ 