WORLO HAS NEVER So  “Only by Américan People Could  Such an Exposition Have  Been Built.”’  | pee  CONGRESSMAN TAWNEY SPEAKS  Pays Glowing Compliment to St.  Louis in Speech in Behalf of  House of Representatives.  Congressman Tawney of Minnesota, speaking in behalf of the House of Repre- sentatives, said:  “Those who conceived and accomplished this marvelous result as a means of ceéle- brating the 100th anniversary of the pur- chase of the territory of Louislana may well feel proud of their magnificent suc- cess. Ags a member of Congress of the United States that used and aided it, and sveaking in behalf of one branch of that body, I will say that, not only as members | of Congress, but as citizens of the United States, we share with them their just pride | and are profoundly grateful for their ef- ficient effort and labor in the work they | Bann accomplished.  “For the first time in the world’s history men stand here today in the presence of a spectacle the like of which has never been conceived by the mind or wrought by the hand of man. In design, in execution, in the beauty and grandeur of its full com- pletion, it surpasses anything of the kind |* the human eye has ever looked upon. In}/ a word, it is the world’s exhibit of nine- teen centuries of human progress. It has been gathered from evéry land and every part of the habitable globe to commemo- |. rate that matchless and patriotic achieve- ment wrought a century ago by Thomas Jefferson, who, as the president of @ feeble republic, taking advantage of necessit{eg of Napoleon and the aggressive designs of Great Britain, wrested from both an em- pire greater in area than the terrftory plucked from the British crown by the revolutionary war.  “The declaration of July 4, 1776, gave us national independence and political liberty. The acquisition of the territory of Louisi- ana safeguarded both, and, in addition, gave us international freedom and the power to protect ourselves and the re. | publics to the south of us from foreign aggression or territorial aggrandizement, |  “When measured by the life of nations it has enabled us .n the short space of one century to grow and expand from in- fancy to fuwil manhood and commanding} importance until today we are not only a world power, bui in peace and war, in the arts and sciences, in productive in- dustry and economic organization, in the wisdom and beneficence of our laws and institutions and in all things essential to/| national leadership we have justly won, and proudly, though modestly, occupy a foremost place among our sister nations,  “In no country, under 0 government, by no people on earth could this marvel- ous result have been achieved, save by the American prone under the fredom of their institutions, the inspira of ifberty, and the influences of civilizaton.’  eae SE Freedom of tae City.  Mayor Rolla Wells will extend the free- dom of the city to al comers—April 30. Forest Park Highlands is in the same city— Apu he Ps , bse: 22k ee Le Te oon ee Pe us Sipe aie mm eS hee Roe 8 = os 3 Re ei Se pS arc ok - = ee kod an 