a: A i I ee a ee ee et a —— aa Crown of 2000 Participates in Indian Territory Day at the World's Fair.  Program Includes Music by an Indian Band and Address by Red Men's Leader.  Indian Territory Day program at the World's Fair is being participated in by more than 2000 persons who came Satur- lay to represent their territory and to zee the Fair.  Special trains from Tulsa, South McAl- sster, Muskogee and Ardmore have been ‘om'ng into St. Louis all week, bringing in average crowd of over 2 persons from each town.  The Tulsa band came with the delegation from that city and wil have a prominent part in the day's program.  The exercises began at 11 o'clock at the Indian Territory building with an invoca- tion, followed by an address of welcome by President Francis.  After music by the Indian band, the re- ponse on behalf of Indian Territory was delivered by Gen. Pleasant Porter, princi- pal chief of the Creek nation. Then fol- icwed a stirring address by Chas. B. Stuart of South McAlester. who told of Indian Verrvitory’s rapid development. The governor ef OKlahoma Terr.tory, T. B. Ferguson, delivered the concluding address.  A concert by the Tulsa Band- witl be give- en between 2:20 and 3:30 o'clock and 4 to 5 oclock Mme. Anna Weiss of Vienna, Aus- tria, will give a piano recita] in tne Ags- semodiv Hali of the Indlan Territory build- ing, assisted by William A. Wiliett, bary- tone and Miss Julia Waixel of Chicago.  Several towns provided local entertain- ments in the different rooms of the in- lian Territory building, many of them dis- tributing souveni:.” and fruits to those who caled during the u.ternoon.  A reception from 8 to 11 o'clock in the evening will be given in honor of the noted visitors whe are in the city, promi- nent among whom are: Leo E. Bennett, United States marshal in the territory; Col. T. B. Needles. a member of the Dawes Commision. and the two Indian _ chiefs, Gen. Pleasant Porter eof the Creeks and WwW. C, Rogers of the Cherokees. _  The following territorial commissioners were also present at the exercises and will ttend the reception tonight: F. C. Hubbard, executive commissioner; H. B. Juimson, A. J. Brown, W. L. McWilliams, J. E. Campbell, H. B. Spaulding. J. J. McAlester, and William Busby, honorary conmimissioners.  Waukesha water, .? galions or gallon bot- tes delivered. Phone White Rock Waiter Co. Girl to Join Sisterhood.  Miss Helen Dunn of 3933 McPherson ayvre- nue, daughter of the late Freeland R. Dunn, a former St. Louis commission mer- hant. has left for Albany. N. Y.. to enter the Sacred Heart Convent at Kenwood. Hier two sisters. Virginia and Birdie. en tered other convents several years ago  Waukesha water. 19 gallons or gallon bot- tlee delivered. Phone White Rock Water Co.  Gamblers Beat Him. He Says.  Hart H. Keith, 2932 Olive street. re. ported to he police thut be was tl i - tin, f h issault on the stenmer Cir; ef Providence Friday neith sars he re- fured tc lose his money at a xambling gem d that 2 ha'f dozen samblers jumped upen him and badis best him Sr ee 