70U was the problem. And, on the side, how to be courteous and forbearing toward 2000 of the Uninvited Guest contingent constituted another poser for the lady managers.  They did the best they could. Luncheon in vvleced quantities, a sort of “short commons” ration, was served to the guests standing, sit- “ting, moving about or any old way. The corps of waitresses nearly trotted their legs off. One member of the board jumped on a chair and earnestly besought those who bad already bees fed to move out and give others a chance. Great crowds waited on the outside and jammed in as far as they could, like successive football wedges on the gridiron. To inveigle those in to get out so that those out could get in, it was announced that Cape Jessamine favors would be distributed to all withdrawing from the luncheon. It was a terrible time.  And all becatise of the Uninvited Guest.  This 2000-strong “charge of the light brigade’ wos the most formidable assault vet made by tls Uninvited Guest, but it was not the first appearance of that terrifying creature in World’s Tair cireles. Prince Pu Lun had met the Unin- vited Guest in considerable numbe:s. smilin= upon the intruder with inscrutable Chinese eyes and childlike and bland affability. It is not at all improbable that Chinese court circles will hear some curicts stories of the creature when Prince Pu Lun has returned to the Celestial Empire. For decorots and ceremonious China has no native knowledge of this strange specie=.  At the swell Japanese opening, June 1, where both the Japanese minister and Miss Roosevelt were present, 2000 people passed the gates when there had been only 1500 invitation» sent out.  So. as well, with Prince Hohenlohe of Ger- many. The Uninvited Guest turned up on “Die Wacht am Rhein” and bore down on Hohenlote with the irresistible sweep of countless squad rons. They stared at him with all the abandon due to a knowledge that they had no right to he present at the receptions given in his honor. ‘They shook his hands with even a greater free- com than they had shaken off the conventions which demanded that they wait f-r an invita- tion to meet him. They made ehverfully reck- less remarks about his personal appearance, voicing their criticisms with the audacity natu- ral to social freebooters sailing under the b'ack flag. And whenever they con’d. they ate © >-- enously of whatever there was to eat at al om where he was the central figure For the Un- invited Guest is always hungry.  Similarly was -this World’s Fair “bete poir” numerous at the reception given by the press committee of the General Federation of Wom- en’s Club to the delegates to the World’s Press Parliament in the German pavilion. Jefferson guards and German commission attaches stood sentry at the doors, but the Uninvited Guest slid in between them, flanked herself with the invited guests, until her name was legion. She ent down the receiving line and grasped the bend of everyone there arrayed exactly as if conferring a distinguished honor. She got the very earliest scent of the Ceylon tea in one of the anterooms and worked the Cingalese at- tendants until the combs almost fell out of their masculine back: hair passing the Ceylon brew for her insatiate consumption. Then she made a bee-line for the Japanese room and kept the sweet little Geisha girls yum-vumming abo.t o» their quaint clogs until they erew faint with the serving of fea. |  © woman, in our hours of ease, ‘ Uncertain, coy and hard to please. When social splendors make the test That tempts the Uninvited Guest j A glad and bold intruder thou, ‘ Thy motto: “Get there anyhow!” }  Thus sings a poetic soul that has contemplated with amazement the antics of the Uninvited Guest at the World's Fair—a chant which the Post-Dispatch Sunday Mayvazine presents with- out indorsement. as 2 phase of an interesting psychological situation. For the psychical prop osition is this: If the World’s Fair is over- run by the Uninvited, is it not World’s Fair brilliancy and exclusiveness that has created the Wninvited Guest in such vast numbers‘  But that’s another story. It isn’t only at World’s Fair receptions, luncheons and the like that the Uninvited Guest bobs up smiling. The opening ceremonies of the various foreign gov- ernment buildings and exhibits are invitation affairs—therefore, the Uninvited Guest delight- to be present. Distinguished Europeans at the World’s Fair face the plague in utmost bewil- | derment. They have not known exactly what | to do with regard to its abatement. When they invite people to their opening ceremonies, they mean to be hospitable, and they sincerely hope , that those invited will attend and enjoy them- selves. But they don’t expect persons to come | without invitations. They hesitate to be over | brusque in denying admission to these butt-ins | yet what shall they do? The Uninvited Guest threatens to crowd the Invited Guest slap-bang off the World’s Fair. map. Polite Europe stands and wrings its hands, hesitating to use them mare effectively against th: Urinvited Guest  And, unless you make every man and woman show a ecard of in» tet, w is the Uninvited Guest to be idenGiied and properly dealt with* The male of tle species is presentable enough He almost invariably makes a point of wearing saved Miss Alice Rooseveit from much contact with the species. Rut when the President’s « daughter was entertained out at the World’s  . Fair grounds the Uninvited Guest broke in the “young lady of the White House.” her ex- quisite gowns, her! “individualized” hats, all these were too much for the Uninvited Guest.  He—or she, this time, with o venzeance—fe- fs. to be kept away from the  President’s duughter. ‘ihey got as close to her as they eould—and now they go about with the most irritating complacency, telling the proud story of “when T met Miss Roosevelt at such-and-such a reception.”  The World's Fair has creat.d a monster which it eannot contre! It is the Uninvited Guest. av-e of every Workd’s Fuir social event stalks Into the giad sunlight or brilliant electric radi-  a correct frock coat, a high hat, gray trousers, decent gloves—even the astonishing stranger who butted im ard hed his photograph taken with President Francis and the board of  World’s Fair directors, leoked as much like a  World’ Fair director as the stateliest of the  blown-in-the-bottle bona-fide group. And the 