@scort for President Francis. In the column } Were all the employes of the Exposition company, as well as the officiais and the | | various commissioners. A complete holi- |. day was observed throughout the Adminis- | tration building. * The column marched through Louisiana | way. The escorts included the Sixteenth | Infantry under Col. Price, the Jefferson  Guards, the Philippine Scouts and one com-  pany of United States Marines under Capt. | “Williams.  The exercises in the Plaza St. Louis took piace on the stand at the north side of the Louisiana Purchase Monument. Corwin H. Spencer, first vice-president of the World's Fair, presided and introduced Mayor Wells who, after a brief address, introduced Gov. ‘Dockery and President Francis. i President Francis |  Says Farewell. The’ exercises were ~ery brief, President Francis’ address being in the nature of a ‘arewell to the World's Fair.  Following the formal exercises there was *% parade of ail nations to the Plaza of  St. Louls. All the inhabitants of the Pike, | “vhe Alnus; Patagonians. pygmies and In- Mians from the anthropological section and ‘the Moros, Igorrotes and Visayans from “the Philippine reservation assembled there and marched around the great square.  The afternoon will be devoted to special exercises and the distribution of souvenirs in the exhibit palaces. In many exhibits “there will be farewell exercises and fare- well receptions. On the Pike the shows ‘ will begin their farewell performances.  At 5 o’clock the center of activity will be transferred to the hevse of the Board “»f Lady Managers, where President Fran-  cis will be the guest of honor at the last “reception given by the Lady Managers. . This will last all the evening.  At 10 o'clock President Francis and the .firectors will tour the Pike after listening to a part of a serenade at the Administra- “tion building. ;  * At 10:15 the firing of minute guns, to “continue until midnight, At 11:30 a fare- “well display of fireworks will take place  on the Plaza of St. Louis.  The fireworks will continue until mid- night, when the closing ceremonies of the World's Fair will take place on the Plaza of St. Louis. In,.the presence of the “ig ficials and a great crowd, President Fran- cis will signal the Ughts out, taps will be * sounded and the great. Exposition will be closed forever. :  FLOWERS AND FLAGS WELCOME DAY’S GUEST  There was a biush on the cheek of Presi- _@ent Francis Thursday morning 8 he  walked into the Administration building ana beheld every corridor decorated in his : we with American Flags. the fleur-de-lis ¢ of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. and his _portraits. ~ - ‘ > Never before had the Administration building been Mecorated. It was the tribute fos a building employes to resident cig.  The wo on the decorations was begun * after the World's Fair president left his Se. Wednenthy evchide Phe decorators 