—_—— ~~ Innocent Brown Men Go War Depart- ment One Better in Clothing Nature. Make Final Stand Against Unneces- | sary Adornment, but Are Again | } Compelled to Obey.  When the Igorrote Village at the Fair awoke Saturday morning there was a sight to amaze the most blase.  The bushes wore pants.  The first thought of Dr. T. K. Hunt, gov- ernor of the Igorrotes, was that nature had allied herself with the war department, and that a new pants-bearing shrub had sprout- ed over night for the purpose of delicately hinting that the head hunters be clothed and at the same time producing a crop of pants so that there would be no excuse for continued flirtation with the war depart- ment on fhe subject.  But his second guess was nearer the truth. He recognized the pants, not a5 4 new crop which had grown on the shrubs, but as an outfit which he had the day be- fore put upon the protesting Igorrotes.  ‘The Igorrotes had in turn put them on the bushes, which could not make more than a mute protest.  The first bunch of dinkey trousers for the dog-eaters were completed Friday, and Dr Hunt grappled with the serious part of the problem, which was to get the Igorrotes in- to them. They could be led to the tailor to be measured, but it was enother ques- tion whether they could be prevailed upon to wear the tailor’s handiwork.  There was a big palaver. The Igorrotes balked. There was more bad talk than there had been since the Bontocs and the Suyoes felij out over the ganzas. All of the Bontocs mixed the talk and passed it to Antero. and he made it over inio pigeon English and passed it along to Dr. Hunt.  They used ajl the arguments against clothes which their wise men had contrib- uted to the unwritten literature of the tribe and added a lot of new ones which they thought out themselves.  But it was no use. Dr. Hunt told them that the war department had apeken, and _ war department must be obeyed. He  mtioned the dimensions of a few of the p mmo owned by the war department, and meponat what the igorrote village would F ‘a2 Mke after the war department got  rough shooting obcdience into them. ,  They had some experience with United States ordnance when they undertook to exterminate the American army with spears Over at home once, and they were im- Rressed  gee 4 said they would wear the pants, Sut ey wanted it understood that they reserved an objection.  Over night the inspiration came to them to make one mere protest. With a fine Sense,of symbolism they put the pants on the bushes, intending to convey their idea of the absurdity of clothing nature.  Dr..Hunt ordered them to get back into their pants. and they sullenly obeyed, hav-— So a last stand and lost.  @ pants are red and green and other defiant colors. —_—— s+ ——_— = ae, see eaeeme, &F «ce seeeeste =: 