OO EE a  <e —_ ea Investigation Being Made Into the Shutting Up of Joseph La- thoud’s Booth.  French exhibits at the Fair, excepting those closed Friday by Jefferson guards acting under orders of Prof. Goldsborough, who has charge of the electrical exhibits, Were not closed Saturday morning, as was . threatened in an announcement made Fri- | any and quoted in Friday’s Post-Dispatch. | The exhibits of the French Electric Novy- ; elty Co., V. Lardruedile, L. K. Leon & Co., Damasket & Co. and Joseph Lathoud, which were closed Friday, remained closed Satur-  day.  Charles M. Rosenthal, head of the Aus- trian commercial commission and represent- | ing all of the foreign commissions in com- | mercial dealings with the Exposition com- |} pany, began an investigation of the aiffi- | culty between the exhibitors and the Fair management Saturday morning. He will take no action until this is completed.  Marcel Estien, secretary of the French commission, says the French commissioner has also begun an investigation for the pur- pose of ae age rm | the status of the ex- hibitors whose booths were closed.  M. Joseph Lathoud, one of the exhibitors whose booth was closed Friday and whose wife retreated to an “electric tower” in the exhibit to escape arrest, remaining there six hours, is still indignant at the action of the Jefferson guards in closing their ex- hibit. Both Lathoud and his wife exhibited bruises they say were received at the hands of Jefferson guards. M. Lathoud declares that he came to the Exposition with the urderstanding that he could sell goods for irnmediate delivery and not for delivery at the close of the Exposition, the arrange- ment in effect with most foreign exhibitors. He also says that he has been giving the Exposition company 6€ per cent of gross re- ceipts on everything he has sold. He says he has receipts for the a and that Friday a man named Wachfelder, whom he understood represented the Exposition in the collection of this percentage, visited him and asked for $50. 