The World’s Fair has made, according to police, fire and hospital reports, not only a creditable showing by the lack of orlme and casualties, but as compared with the Chicago and Buffalo expositions, the facts and figures are remarkable. Credit Is due the police amd fire depart- ments from the heads down the line.  There has not been an “active’’ profes- sional pickpocket in tthe World's Fair grounds throughout the entire seven months. That statement dazzled such po- lice experts as Former Inspector Byrnes of New York City, Chief of Police O'Neil of Chicago, former Chief Roger O'Meara, of Pittsburg, and the chiefs of nearly all the big cities of the country who visited the Fair. .  Chief Desmond was approached several Yisnes with the proposition that some cer- tain professional thief, said to have re- formed, be allowed to visit the Fair with his wife under police survelliance. To such requests he always replied that the thief in question would be arrested on sight. He received several letters from out of town crooks | permission to visit the Fair with és and on good behavior. These requests 5 ignored.  There was more crime committed on the @pening days at Chicago and Buffalo ex-  arg: tham throughout the whole pe-|  here.” Pickpockets and highwaymen) operated extensively at both places, while Chief of Detecttves Desmond challenges | anybody to cite a single instance where a Professional ‘dip’ (meaning a pickpocket) wra highway robber has operated within ‘the big iron fence that circles the 1,240 @cres of Expositicn property.  ? : - ” “Nothing Deizg,  Said the Police.  Grafters and thieves have given the Fair a wide berth, When the Exposition first: opened these individuals sent their “squares” or ‘go betweens’’ to try to ax the police and detegtives, but from the beginning they were told that there was| “nothing doing’ and Chief Desmond in- ogeagesd Lieutenant Thomas Walsh, who  in charge of the detective force, to pick Up and forward to the Four Courts every known crook that stepped into the Fait  unds. Similar orders were given to | tain Young and Lieutenant Schoppe by ef of Police Kiely. |  Poiice records show how thoroughly the | instructions were executed. Chicago and Buffalo entertained sure-thing gamblers See _azaftere of every description. 8st.  tolerated neither.  There were 1,260 persons arrested during | the Fair pres. but a vast majority were | @runk and disorderly. Twice that number |  persons were brought to the police sta-  . but Captain Young in his wisdom re- | them so that the police courts were |  as burdened with trivial cases. ‘olice find it difficult at times to dis-| mate between an article that has been or stolen. Records show that the ag |  —: value of both lost and stolen ar- |  icles does not exceed $3000. Almost halt | that amount of money and jewelry was sio-. len by pickpockets any busy day ai the | my agg gr it is said.  ere were but two murders, th rictimis being Ben Jenkins, the engineer at the |  Philippine reservation, who was stabbed in. & row at the Cafe Luzon. and the other Was the shooting of a Syrian by another Sorter at Jerusalem. The perpetrator of  Jenkins murder is in captivity. but. the Syrian who killed his feiowlcountry-_  Man is still eluding the polilce.  Fatal Accidents : . - Few in Number, la,  -Remarkably few were the fatal accidents. There were but 19 in all. |  -Untike previous big expositions, the Sst. Louls escaped any big catastrophe, ana the damage done by fire was unprecedent- edly small. Fire Chief. Christy says that tho total lors by fire does not exceed $19,- 00, The Missouri building fire, he says, re-_ Suited In a damage amounting to £15,000: the Hoo Hoo house fire loss was $10,400: the fire in Jerwsalem caused damage of so, @nd several other little fires caused an | Ageregate loss of about $700. The efii- % of the World's Fair department un- hief Christy has been much talked by visitors to the exposition. There  Were 19 false alarms of fire, and of that. Mumber there were 15 instances in which visitors pulled the alarms, thinking they | were ling letters. Not a ftireman lost his life, and but two received injurics.  According to the sveere W931 children | were lost during the World's Fair — Of the total -3 were restored to their pr ents by the police and the remaining 106s Were cared for bf Mrs, Ruth Ashley  nor Mae is in gpd of the Model  “nds. She was allowed 600) for  the care of the children by the Lady Board  _of Managers. The greatest number of chil- ; were lost in August. the number being  At the various gates the amount of coun-  : t money confiscated by police and ed over to the secret service depart-  ment was $52 This “queer” money was took Ten Lawrence Ritchie of the secret i riment. He mid that most of - ‘a money prevented at the Fair Wa innecent persons and that at no time were there counterfeiters working here. The arrest of the Rices at Deimar i of course, is not included. The _Mices were passing counterfeit $109 bilis, Spits Bi the baa foosey" at the Pair "was 