ST. LOUIS DAY AT THE FAIR, SEPTEMBER, 15, TO SURPASS S Grand Civic and Military Parade Will Be Followed by Day of Special Exhibtions of All the Fair Contains, and Will End With Grand Water Carnival.  The program for the celebration of St. Louis Day at the World's Fair on ; Thursday, Sept. 15, has been outlined by the executive committee. The day will be declared a public holiday by Mayor Weils, and the date was selected becapse | the weather reports for many years show that this day has generally been | clear and cool.  Gen. Jolin C. Bates will be grand marshai of the parade, which will be jofmed | in by the regular army and military organizations and most of the civic or- | ganizations of the city. ;  The executive committee, which is composed of John Schroers, chairman; | Cc. P. Walbridge, Edward Devoy, E. J. Spencer and W. H. McClain, has agreed | on a program for the celebration, the outline of which foliows:  9:30 a. m.—Assembly of the military, civic, benevolent, educatienal, religious | and social organizations at Parade entrance, World’s Fair grounds, to be as- — signed by the general marshal.  16:30 a. m.—Beginning of parade: Military organizations, regulars, state mi- litia, G. A. R. and other veteran miiltary organizations, college and high school cadets, civic organizations, police, fire department, departments of public serv- ice, ete., religious bodies, Sunday schools. Christian Endeavor societies, Epworth Leagues, benevolent and social organizations, Masons, Odd Fellows, Knights of | Pythias. Legion of Honor, Knights of St. Patrick. Hibernians, ete.; business or- ganizations. Merchants’ Exchange, Cotton Exchange, Stock Exchange, Business Men's League, North and South Broadway associations, West St. Louis organiza- tions, trades unions, citizens in carriages and special features.  11 a. m.—Museical program at Louisiana Monument Consolidated bands. | Chorus of 2000 pupils of the High Schooland advanced parochial and other schools. Short addresses by the president of the Worid’s Fair, mayor of the city invited speakers.  11 a. m.—Religious exercises at Festival Hall. Short addresses by leading ministers, priests and Sunday-school workers. Sunday-school chorus of 5000 voices. Century chorus, choir, ete.  1 p. m.—-Noon intermission. Basket picnics, etc., in the grove.  2 p. m.--Exercises by Turners, with special features. Foot races and bicycle races for a bandge of honor at the Stadium. Automobile races.  4p. m.—Joint chorus. The United Singing Societies, Festival Hall.  5 p. m.—Drill of United States cavalry. Drill of mounted police in the Wild West arena or in the Boer War arena,  5 p. m—Drill, militia and cadets, Plaza St. Louis  6 p. m.—Congress of nations at the Stadium. This to include a grand parade of all the nationalities and peoples quartered at the World’s Fair grounds, with specialties as follows: 1. Grand entry of the Filipinos, Indians, Boers, Wild West, militia, concessions, etc. 2. Native dancers in different sections of the Stadium, the dancers moving forward to a new position every five minutes, so that all present may witness the dance of each nation. Special features might be intro- duced in connection with parade and different performances.  § p. m.—Water carnival, lagoon and illumination. 