iminediately behind the Philippine Scouts, received all the way an ovation which assumed splendid volume when he ap+ peared before the waiting throng at the monument.  The Philippine Scouts and the Sixteenth United States infantry maintained a great circle about the monument, excluding the crowd and permilting the @irectors, offi- clals and commissioners of the Fair, home and foreign, to get within hearing of the speakers.  Mrs. Franels sat near her husband, and D. F. Francis, Jr., was also near his father Director Skiff  Gives Out Badges.  Something of a etir was created In the crowd by the euppearance of men scatter- ing small siik badges bearing a picture of resident Francis and the inscription “Fran- cis Day." The distributors of these threw them out in great quantities with the ery:  “Compliments of Skiff! Compliments of skim!’ ve pala  There was a lively scramble for them, in and out of the offic i: (ee  The cpening address ange Wate aia not consume more than A¥e min It was one of congratulation to te Francis and all the makers of the Fair for the glory of.all they had done, and of gret that the Falr must end,  “For eminent executive ability and su- perior wnanagement of the Louisfana Pur- chase Exposition, President Francis was awarded the ribbon typifying a grand prize by the official award ribbon committee.  The ribben, handsomely engrossed on parchment, printed with letters of gold, Was presented by Mayor Wells ofter a few remarks, in which he characterized Presi- Jent Francis as the great exhibition that 3t. Louis and Missouri had to offer at the World's Fair. ;  The Mayor was followed by Governor Dockery, who awaited President Francis at the monument when the procession ar rived. ‘  The governor made perhaps the best ade lress of all he has delivered at the Fatr; He said he had received a belated invi- lation to speak, getting a message of ine vitation as late as 11 o'clock Wegnes_ day night. He said he was deter- mined to come, notwithstanding, with or without a speech, and he assured his hearers that what he would say was pure- 'y extemporaneous. He termed President Francis “the executive genius who made the Fair.” and received a shout of ap- plause for the term. He then entered with spirit into an analysis of what he Fair meant, saying that {ts first and great- rst lesson was that the United States is ‘he greatest nation in ali the world. ue raid this lesson was taught to every ifor- igner who came to the Fair, and that 1 "a8 s0 obvious to them they will not for ret it.  Speaking directly to the foreigners about iim, he said:  “Gentlemen of the world, I'll serve ne ice on you that the United States in the nost powerful country in the world an@ hat we are going out and get all of rou n a peaceful commercial conquem. We're joing to whip England commercially, and nany another powerful foe.’*  The governor received abundant applause vith this bosst, and then turned to an ‘ppreciation of the people of Mixsourt, vho gave $1,000,000 to the Fair, and the eople of St. Louls, who gave $10,000,000 o it. He called these great and glorious eats, and congratulated the age upon aving compunities #0 unselfishly alert o progress. S He spoke touchingly of the ruins of the fissourlt bullding, saying that “the ele. nents have not been kind to Missourh hese last few days, but those 4 nd statues and those blackened ruing ven today a proof of Missourt's ’ ty to the world—a hospitality as se nd generous and sincere as any the ‘ las known.” A  The governor's address consumeé b een minutes, and it was applauded to by cho. Fa  President Francis was presentec , Mayor Wells. The ovation following = niroduction was the biggest of the 45 t went on for fully three minutes ea@- n close to the monument the men threw helr bats in the air. The bands played ‘Hall to the Chief!" and all in all the at aches of the Falr and the people gute ‘red about made it a three minutes og ‘commendation which the President of the Pair will not forget.  While greetings were exchanged in the rxecutive offices, there were band concerts sod drifie by the Sixteenth United @tates infantry in the Plaza of Bt. Louls, ;  At 10-3) o'clock the military parade of * fay left the Administration he Plaza St. Lowls, acting as a1 