me DAE Ee Now Wedding Bells Ring for Pair Who Met in Halloween Prank. CUPID REWARDED PRANK TEAR * He Took Down Landmark of Cam-  _ pus, and Fair Ones Await-  ed His Coming.  In a Hallowe'en prank began the romance of Walter B. Tietsort and Miss Velma E. Lane. Mr. Tietsort captured the college bell, in conformity to time-honored custom, | and his heart was captured the same night | by the college belle, in conformity to cus-| tum just as time-honored. ,  They were married, these two, Wednes- day evening at the home of the bride's father, Dr. J. H. Lane, at Medora, Il. |  The attachment which led up to the | wedding began on a Hallowe'en night sev- eral years ago at Blackburn pen ta Carlinville, Ill., where both were students. |  It is a time honored custom at Black- | burn that each Hallowe'en night the old college bell shall be removed from its fas- tenings and placed in such a condition that it cannot be rung the following morn- ing.  One year Mr. Tietsort was the leader, and at the risk of a fail, climbed the bell rope and removed the bell from its hang- ings. He was accompanied by several other young men.  The feat was accomplished without awak- | ening a watchman, who was sleeping below within a few feet of the base of the bell, tower.  Upon leaving the building, the young men secretly went to a room in the college, in yhich several young ladies, also according | to custom, had arranged a little banquet for the heroes.  Miss Lane was a leader in this function. At the little banquet she first became ac- quainted with the tall, young student. There| was an invitation to call in the very near future. From that time on, there were frequent meetings on the campus and long walks on the streets. | There came an end to college days and college pranks and college courtships. The | young man engaged in newspaper work in St. Louls, and a year ago went to Madison to assume the control of the Medora Mes- senger, formerly conducted by his father,  C. W. Tietsort.  There had been no wavering of the affec- tion which each had had for the other since that Hallowe'en night, and as soon as Mr. Tietsort was settled in Medora plans were made for the wedding. For months their friends have beén watching and waiting.  They never did find out when it was going to take place. The ceremony was performed quietly Wednesday night and the couple, with as much stealth as there had been on that Hallowe'en night, left the house and boarded a train for the South, where they will spend two weeks, returning to St. Louis for a visit to the World's Fair. Then they will be at home . their friends in Medora.  Upon the return a reception for the cou- ple will be given by the parents of the sridegroom, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Tietsort, ssisted by Mrs. S. H. Bowman of Jersey- yille, Ll. 