The people of St. Louis poured into the World's Fair grounds this afternoon as they have done but three times before, on Opening day, St. Louis day and Presi- dent's day, and Fair officials say that the Francis day attendance will approach or exceed 200,00, making the last day one of the greatest of the great Fair.  The real rush did not set in until after- noon. Many business places which kept open during the morning closed in the afternoon and their freed employes made a rush for the Fair.  The capacity of the street car lines reach- ing the Fair was tested to the fullest. Streams of people were passing through all the gates at all of the entrances.  It is expected that there will be an even greater rush in the evening of those who could not go out during the day. It is believed tHat the night crowd will be greater than on any day of the Fair.  Nearly everybody, it is believed, will stay until the lights have gone out and the Fair has gone into the past. —~— ~~ 2 |  The program of the day opened at 9 O'clock, when President Francis, accom- panied by Mayor Wells and the ceremontes committee of the Fair, left the Francis home at Newstead and Maryland avenues, going to the World's Fair in a privte trol- ley car. His visit to the Exposition is not made as president of the Exposition but as guest of the ceremonies and execu- tive committees. : ah ~  Before he arrived at the Administration” entrance at 9:30 o'clock, a great crowd gathered in the avenues and plazas of the Exposition. The general suspension of business. in compliance with the proclama- tions ofthe mayor and the governor, en- abled thousands to spend the last day of the World's Fair among its buildings, and they hurried thither early to stay until the lights go out for the last time.  In the crowds were hundreds of children, who secured free admission whether accom- panied by their elders or not. There were other hundreds of poor persons who secured admission tickets provided through the Post-Dispatch.  As the party passed through the Admin- istration entrance, a company of Jefferson Guards, drawn up there, under the com- mand of Lieutenant-Colonel Fountain, com- mandant, saluted him and then, in triangu- Jar formation, became his escort +o the Administration building.  pred direction of Brigadier-General Ka- mund Rice 1 formed pe? Peewee Prsusein toe Corwie H. Spencer, first vice-president, and Mayor Wells in advance.  They were followed by Walter B. Ste vens, secretary, and the chiefs of divi- sions, Isaac 8. Taylor, director of works; Norris B. Gregg, director of concessions and admissions, and F. J. V. Skiff, a@- rector of exhibits, and the members of the executive, reception and  entertalnment committees, as follows:  Directors: James F. Coyle, Murray Carleton, J. G. Butter. Charles W. Knapp. J. ©. Van Blarcom, Nicholas M. Bell, James Campbell, Festus J. Wade, George J. Tansey, Corwin H. Spencer, John Schroers and George W. Parker.  Final Taking  of Photograph.  There was a line of Jefferson Guards on either side of the walk, all the way up Administration Way.  Half way to the building the procession was stopped long enough for a photograph to be tax<n,  As the column climbed the steps the Sixteenth Infantry Band, stationed under the archway, played “Hall to the Chie,” the crowd cheered and handkerchiefs were waved.  President Francis lifted his hat and bowed and smiled his appreciation.  The party went at once to the office of President Francis, passing through the corridor at the head of the steps, which was decorated with the Nationel and Ex- position colors, a picture of President Francis and the seals of Missouri, Ken- tucky (President Francis’ native scate), and of the Exposition. . The office waa profusely decorated with palms and other large plants and with American beauties and carnations.  The foreign and state commissioners ve gan shortly to arrive to pay their respects. The first was Stanley Bols, commissioner- general from Ceylon. Major-General John C. Bates of tne regular army and his staff also cailed early.  There were fully 5,00 people about the Loulsiana monument when the exercises bean. Tho procession from the Adminia- tration busiding to the Plaga St. Louis wae arough simcat slld hedges of humanity 