, i — or . , . ee at the World’s Fair Ter- minates in Shooting With Fatal Results. ee STOP GENERAL FIGHT ‘Jefferson Guard Being Held to Await the Verdict of Coro- ‘ ner’s Jury.  The coroner's inquest into the death of John Backhouse, a former British soldier employed in the Boer war at the World's Fair, who was killed by a bullet from the revolver of Ernest Chriss, a Jefferson Guard, at 5 o'clock Friday afternoon, dur- ing a fight between two other former sol- diers, began Baturday morning.  Chriss is being held awaiting the result of the inquest. When the inquiry is com- pleted the British soldiers at the Boer war concession will take charge of Backhouse’s body and he will be buried with military honors. Services will be held in St James’ Memorial Chapel, Cote Brilliante and Goode avenues,  The story of the shooting, ag told by the British and Boer soldiers who witnessed the fight preceding it, as related exclusively in late editions of the Post-Dispatch, is to the effect that while George Standevan, a Briton, and Daniel Devillers, a Boer, were fighting, Chriss entered the arena and at- tempted to separate them. Z  He was prevented by other Britishers. who were ——s at his attempt to in tertere, and, it is said, as he started to leave he was followed by geveral of the men, one of whom challenged him to fight. }  Chriss declined and was struck in the; face. He drew his revolver and the crowd of soldiers and others gathered quickly arcund. Backhouse grabbed Chriss and at- tem'pted to wrest the revolver from his | hand. Chriss pulled the trigger and the bullet penetrated Backhouse’s groin A «general encounter ensued in which Chriss was badly beaten.  Two more shots were fired, one of which took effect in the left leg of Philip Mars, a Bocr. The injury is slight.  Chriss was arrested.  Backhouse wae taken to the Emergency Hospital, where he died several hours later, with his wife. who was formerly Miss Katherine Papsch of California. by his side. She was grief-stricken. It was a pie end to their pretty romonce of the World's Fair.  Miss Papsch was employed at the Fair and first met Backhouse on the opening day.  Their friendship grew, and they, were married with military pomp in the Boer concession Aug. 2. Backhouse was 3 years old.  Chriss, who is 24 years old, is a member of Company A of the Jefferson Guard, who entered the service May 2. He was not on duty Friday afternoon. He is a veteran | xf the Spanish-American war, having served in the Twentieth Kansas Infantry under Brigadier-General Frederick A. Fun- ston.  ’ . z  New Trust Company’s Officecrs.  Officers of the Broadway Savings Trust Co., captialized at $109,000, which will open for business about Jan. 1, in North St. Louis, are. J. H. Price, president; E. L. Andreon, ‘first vice-president; Thomas H. | West, Jr., secretary and treasurer; For- dyce & Polk, counsel. The board of di- rectors is: J. H. Price, Thomas H West, Jr.. E. L. Andreon, Joseph D. Bascom, Ben F. Edwards, Thomas H, West, Thomas H. Mec Wittrick, 8 W. Fordyce, Jr., Henry C. Haarstick, Charles S. Brown, George F. Cottril, George Wiegand, Jr.. W. J Me- Bride and Charles M. Polk.  Pioneer Manufacturer Dead.  Frances L. Bouquet, yell known in man- ufacturing circles tin St. Louis since 1848, is dead at his home, 313 Portis avenue, of peritonitis. Mr, Bouquet came to this city from Philadelphia, where he was born in i821. He is survived by a widow and several children. The funeral ar- tr nremente howe not vet heen announced. EL Ho 