SE Bolo Is Most Formidable Weapon of British Soldier Running Amuck on Pike.  On Second Lap Policemen Overtake and Overhaul Terrifier of Wild Animals.  A British soldier, giving a realistic imi- tation of the charge up Majuba Hill, the siege of Puardeburg and the raid of Dr. Jamieson, in all except the element of fire- works, made things lively on The Pike for half an hour Saturday morning.  Two poiicemen, sént on his trail after it had been discovered that he was at large with a bole, a belt and two big knives, pursued him desperately through the Plaza St. Louis, down the Main Transverse ave- nue, across Administration Plaza, into The Pike, through that to the Irish Village exit into the grounds, and caught him as he Was dashing along to repeat the circuit.  The name of the Tommy Atkins who cre- ated ail this disturbance is Robert Thorpe, and he is a member of the British contin- gent that came over with the Boers to show how the Boer-British battles were fought. He had a jolly fine evening with Some convivial friends, and neglected the detail of going to bed.  A short while after daylight he was ready to begin his show. He started +i with a whoop, a hurrah and a gigantic yell. As he yelled he began to flourish his bolo and his knives above his head, and as he flourished he began his charge.  lt has not yet been ascertained where he started from, but it is of record that he was first officially discovered at the bandstand in the Plaza of St. Louis.  Somebody who thought the soldier was really going ¢o do something bad told the police about it, and Patrolmen Haman and Donohue started after him. They traiied him, by the echoes of his shouts and the crows of scattering workmen through the plaza, into the Main Transvere avenue, and west on that thoroughfare. until ne turned north and heaaed for the Pike.  As Thorpe sprinted into the Pike, he jerked his dinky hat off his head and waved it with his bolo and his knives. And not for an instant did he cease to shout. He ripped through the concession Gopest-  ment in a way that set the wild animals to roaring and brought out the wondering natives of many climes. But the natives did not linger.  When he was about half way down the Pike, the two policemen came in at the west end.  “He’s charging the Irish village,” said a bystander.  “Not if there's only one of him, he isn’t 'sententiously observed Officer Donohue, ag | he increased his speed.  At the east exit from the Pike, with the policemen gaining on him at_ every jump, Thorpe shot out into the World's Fair grounds and started on another lap. He  {a not finish it; for the policeman caught up with him at the bandstand, where they  had first heard from him.  They locked him up in the World's Fair police station, and he is held on a charge of disturbing the peace, «. - ieee | 