he tS ee profit, but for the benefit of the common people and especially for the good of the South, the Southwest and the West, its educational opportunities ought to attract the thousands who cannot afford to travel and can become acquainted with nations and coun- tries only in an international exhibition. The desire for a large attendance in the last month is not prompted merely by commercial motives, but by an unselfish wish that the benefits should accrue to as many of the people as possible.  If there is anybody in the territory adjacent to St. Louis who has not seen the World’s Fair, he 18 advised to come. He should consider that the Jead- ing countries of the world have here the best and largest displays which they ever have made at any exposition; that all races of the world are repre- sented; that the United States Government has an inspiring exhibit; that the States haye remarkable displays and beautiful special buildings; that in the exhibit palaces progress throughout the world Is demonstrated {n an understandable way; that art, science, commerce and agriculture are exhibited in 4 manner most instructive; that the buildings and grounds form a spectacle of indescribable beauty, and that the whole scene is an inspiration.  These instructive displays will become memories after another month. Now they are assembled, that the people may realize greater benefits than ordi- narily are attainable by men of wealth; and while they remain together, for these few weeks, it is earnestly hoped that millions will study them and get the educational advantages. The closing of the World’s Fair on the last night in November is a sure prospect, which should set the residents of this part of the United States to meditating upon how often they can visit the Exposition and how much they may gain in education.  —_——__———++-$-e-—__——-  The president of a St. Louis philanthropic organ- ization avers that women mix style with charity. This is more polite, and probably more true, than to say that they mix charity with style.  —_———_—_+-$-e-_——_" -  Federal officials ask the President to prove that there is corruption in office. They would lose their defiance if he should call upon Circuit Attorney Folk.  ——_—_—_———-+ @-2-—____—-  The Russian commanders of the Baltic fleet, being short of fuel, would do well to throw a few tons of their excess powder under their boilers.  —_—_—_——-»-$-2-—___——_-  The big Iowa explosion is nothing to what the shake-up in Indiana will be after Tom Taggart fin- ishes laying his mines. :  —_—_—_—-+--«-—__——_-  The World’s Fair closes on the night of November  30. The “last chance’ has a new meaning. ——————_— + —__— RECENT COMMENT.  : Walk as if You Were Somebody. Success.  Never allow your physical standard to drop. Keep up your energy; walk as if you were somebody, and were going to do something worth while in the world, so that even a stranger will note your bearing and mark your superiority. If you have fallen into a habit of walking in a listless, indolent way, turn right about face at once and make a change. You don't want to shuffle along like the failures we often see sitting around on park benches, or lolling about the streets, with their hands in their pockets, or haunting intelligence offices, and won- dering why fate has been so*hard with them. You don't want to give people the impression that you are dis- couraged, or that you are already falling to the rear. Straighten up, then! Stand erect! Be a man! You are a child of the Infinite King. You have royal blood in your veins. Emphasize it by your bearing. A man who is conscious of his kinship with God, and of his power, and who believes thoroughly in himself, walks with a firm, vigorous step, with his head erect, his chin in, his shoul- ders thrown back and down, and his chest weil projected in order to give a large lung capacity; he is the man who does things.  You cannot aspire or aceemplish great or noble things so long as you assume the attitude and bearing of a coward or weakling. -If yéu, would be noble and do noble things, you must look. up. “You were made to look up- ward and to walk upright, not to look down or to sham- ble along in a semfhorizontal position. Put character, dignity, nobility into your walk.  The Japanese Exhibit. Walter Wellman in Success.  There can be no question that the most spectacu- lar and most significant exhibit at St. Louis is that of Japan. It is the handiwork of a new nation, a marvelous one at that, which the people here have spread before them. At Chicago the Japanese ap- peared as interesting and picturesque makers of toys and knicknacks and articles of virtu of characteristic form but limited range—a_ sort of half-developed, pe- culiar people, with a hazy past not far removed from actual savagery and with an uncertain future. At St. Louis they appear as one of the first nations of the world. The greatest world-event of the past ten years is the rise of Japan, and the Japanese have taken good care that their attainment-of manhood's estate shall be duly and fully celebrated in this Exposition cosmos. To best realize what Japan is to-day; one need not go to Port Arthur nor to the plains of Manchuria. It may be taken for granted that the little brown people have startled the world with their military prowess, with their unprecedented combination in one national character of the most thorough preparation and pre- vision, the highest type of strategy, the most fanatical bravery, and the most abundant caution—the bravery which assaults desperately with torpedo boats and charges savagely with battalions, and the caution which never risks a battleship near the big guns of a foe. Finer than Japan in war is Japan in peace.  On Going to St. Louis. f Collier's.  Only about a month remains in which to see the Bx- position at St. Louis. It is one that cannot be missed without loss. No one can see it, or part of it, without learning much that is worth knowing. To become fa- miliar with an exhibition of this kind has much of the broadening and exhilarating effect of travel. It shows us unfamiliar beauties and fills our minds with novel and stimulating ideas. A ride about the grounds, in a gon- dola at night, gives to many a mind as much as would a ride in Venice. It is an opportunity that may not occur soon again, for the financial difficulties of this ad- venture have been such that it is likely to be a long time before there is another. Yet, whether or not it “pays” in the direct money sense, it pays well in a higher sense, as anything pays which, costing a few mil- lion dollars, brings light to hundreds of thousands. To those who have traveled much, a few days in St. Louis mean a great deal. To those whose possibilities of travel are restricted it ought to mean even more; although the Spanish proverb says that he who would bring home the wealth of the Indies must carry the wealth of the Indies with him.  Emerson on Walking. Atlantic Monthly.  Few men know how to take a walk. The quaiifications of a professor are endurance, plain clothes, old shoes, an eye for nature, good humor, vast curiosity, good speech, good silence, and nothing too much. If a man tells me that he has an intense love of nature, I know, of course, that he has none. Good observers have the manners of trees and animals, their patient good sense, and if they add words, 'tis cniy when words are better than silence. But a loud singer, or a story-teller, or a vain talker profanes the river and the forest, and is nothing like sc good company as a dog.  Seamless. New York Sun. ;  In Central Park yesterday a girl of 4 sat on a bench and for a long time examined the legs of her kid doll. Then she pushed down her stocking and looked at her own chubby leg. “Ellen,” she said presently to the nurse who was with her, “couldn’t God sew?”  “Sew!” repeated the astonished Ellen. ‘‘Lan’ sakes, what does the child mean?”  “Cause I can’t find any seams on me,” said the child. “Dolly's got seams.” .  > The War. London Punch.  Paris message says Alexieff and Kuropatkin met at  Mukden. No further bloodshed is reported. j 