We go among the Cocopas, the illiterate Sioux, or to the uncivilized of the other tribes and we are convinced that to plaster the hair with mud or to revel in roast dog is to be dangerously near to the primitive man. But clean the red man up a bit, polish his mind and body, and no longer does his person affront a sense of the decencies.  Then we, whose living is a complicated matter, are compelled to admire, even to envy, the ease with which he disposes of the problem of a home.  Within the Indian School, prominently displayed and nicely printed by some In- dian hand, is this saying: “Indian nature is human nature bound in red.” It is a good saying to have in mind when visiting the Indians. It helps in fixing a fair esti- , mate of the big Pawnee Chief, who has— proved to be taller than the Patagonians, the man reputed the tallest men in the | world; or in understanding the Reverend | Doctor Scott-Charging-Alone, Sioux Epis- copalian minister; or in studying ““Madame Pueblo,” the Pueblo Indian housewife, as she manages her crew of children; or in appreciating Mr. and Mrs. Benson, high types of Indian progress.  No more of human nature fs bound up In any 2-year-old of the land than shines from the aueer, small face of “Baby Pueblo” when his sister underiakes to wash him.  A Pueblo wife sweeps the flocr of her tent clean as a pinhead about twenty times a day; at least, that Is true of the excellent red lady of her tribe who pre- sides over a family of ten near the Indian School. This is not all. Each daughter seems to have as her special task the duty of keeping the child next youngest clean. ‘They spend half their time washing each other.  The youngest ones, too. exhibit all of the earnest ambition to wallow in dirt which charatterizes «a healthy white youngster. The baby, a chubby creature, is all smiles and amiabliity. When the rest are either busy washing or with some other household duty, Baby Pueb- lo sees his opportunity. He toddles out of the tent, falls, and lovingly em- braces the dust heaps. For a time he will sit, picking up as much of dirt as his tiny hands will hold and throwing it in alr as far as his mite of muscle per- mits. By and by. this does not satisfy and down he lies, rolling over and over in the dirt, his absurd grin meanwhile be- speaking the ecstacy of the moment.  Just when Baby is enjoying the full bliss of this dissipation, Elder Sister, who is en- dowed with the wisdom of fcur or five  sumfners, discovers him. Elder Sister locks inexpressibly shocked and Baby gives every indication that he knows exactly what ts coming. Elder Sister swoops down upon the erring child and Baby doubles up his ridiculously little fists, digs them into his eyes and rears In protest.  Elder sister grabs Baby by one arm and jerks him rapidly toward the wash basin, | | where she scoops up the water in handfuls | | and applies it vigorously to face and hands. She rubs beby's face up and down | | and esround, despite that he twists his fea- tures every way tc interfere with her op- | | erations. Then she takes a towel, and such | friction as follows leads you to imagine | that her purpose is the utter extermina- | tion of the child. é 3 