ES a . | NOTES OF HAPPENINGS LU AT THE WORLD’S FAIR. ~—Russell Stanhope, secretary of the Commit- tee on Foreign Relations, received word yes- terday from Jules Cariler, Commissioner Gen- eral of Belgium, that he has just been appoint- ed representative of the Lions Universal Ex- position at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.  This appointment was made by Emile Dig- neffe, president of the Liege Universal Expo- sition.  —On account of the large number of ‘visitors in the Philippine section, native guards from the Scout and eerie eet pititary camps, in full uniform, have been detailed for duty at each of the exhibit palaces, in addition to the regular Philippine guards now serving at these Palaces. $  —A belt made of reindeer teeth fs one of the curios attracting much attention tn the Alas- kan building. The belt consists of three rows of teeth, each row cae 122 sets of teeth, representing the killing of animals. Such a belt is highiy prized by the Eskimo, as it Tepresents the number of reindeer killed by the members of the family. This belt is the largest of Its kind known to be in existence.  —Specimens of freehand drawing by the pu-  fis Or the public schools of Capiz are shown ii the Education building in the Philippine se:tion. The subjects are taken from life and copy and first outlined and then finished in crayon, Maps of the world are shaded to show mountain ranges, rivers and lakes. The work ls done by pupils ranging from 10 to 14 years of age.  —Frank G. Carpenter, one of the best-known writers in the country. and correspondent for many papers, arrived on the grounds yesterday morning, and will visit the Fair for reveral Gays, writing interviews. with representatives of other countries attending the Fair.  —Apples adel in bleak Manitoba and Northwert Territory, where, eight years piel was though: impossible for any fru‘t save the @warfed Siberian crab to Survive the rigors” of the almost Arctic winter, may be seen tn the Canadian exhibit in the Palace of Horti- culture. The apples ate two inches in diam- eter, and the flesh ts firm, crisp and palatabie. The fruit is the result of years of effort on the part of the Canadian horticulturists to pro- duce @ variety hardy enough to withstand the climate of the Canadian Northwest.  —The method of tenching geography and the eippne routes of steamers plying between etal ye ne ports and various cities of the world, if one of the unique 4isplass in the Educational building of the Eniltppine section. | Byery public school in the Islands ‘s su Hed |  with large maps of the world, with the foca- tion of the principal peeled Pupils are re- quired to make paper models of vesse!s, which | are marked for certain ee and then re-  quired to trace the sho route from rhip-  Ping pointe in the Philippines to their destina-—  Uon.- Daily demonstrations of this method  will be given by pupils In the szhoo! building.  ‘ —The World's Fair Asscciatton of Superin- tendents of Horticulture will’ meet this morn- ing at 11 o'clock In its room in the Palace of Horticulture to take action to increase the at-  tractiveness of the dixpiays. :  ) Figs | the new attractions now coat to vis-  {tors at the Fair in the Mining Gulch are an  Qerial tramway, a metal peviven. eine |  ‘iL a Yoru s,m gud a iaplag ating mill, & Joplin zinc mill and a  | the ay Missouri method of melting ores. All these and several other new displays may be convenientiy reached by the narrow-. gauge electric railway which extends through -  eart of the gulch, giving an excellent view of the exhibits,  -—Charies Bruce Wood, represen Trollop | & Son of London, England, the tome whick built the Britis: Pavilion at the World's Falr, rave,  &® fareweli dinner at the Cafe Luzon last night. |  There were chout forty-five | ora  Mr. Wood leaves on July 1 for  ' ‘ oe  Rock Island System, : . The new ling to Kansas City.  -. Train for Colorado and California leaves  ‘Union Station 7:20 p. m.;-World’s Fair  ‘Station 7:40 p. m., arriving Kansas City  ‘Breaktast following morning ne OF  | ast following m ng.  Thro’ sleeper St. Louis to San Francisco  via Colora: lo Springs.  _. Thro’ standard and tourist sleepers, St.  ‘Lquis to Los Angeles. via El Paso, es  Summer tourist rates to Colorado now  An effect—$35 for the round trip from St.  Louis. . as oe fou ek: ae.  eye - a ive st. 5  Te i ae OG ware ee tn a eee eer Ta  tiene etn 2 ge My puta ore ge ot eeeed 