Vice President Corral and Partq Enjoy Tallyho Ride at World's Fair. | = Fs t ' lVISIT EXHIBIT PALACES.  State That No Slight Was Felt  at Unavoidable Absence of  | Exposition Officials From Reception.  Upon the invitation of President Francis, who put at their disposal the official tally- ho, his Excellency Ramon Corral, Vice President of Mexico, and his party made a tour of the World's Fair grounds yes- terday. The trip in the Yellowstone coach began at 10 o'clock In the morning and was continued after luncheon.  General Edmund Rice, grand marshal of the Exposition, accompanied the distin- guished Mexican party, representing Pres- ident Francis, who, on account of numer- out official duties, was unable to be pres- ent In person. The coach has been put at the disposal of Vice President Corral for to-day, and the invitation will probably be accepted.  In the forenoon the party visited sev- eral of the exhibit palaces and inspected the exhibits with much interest. The Ex- position guests had luncheon at the Tyrol- ean Alps, and after the repast the ride Was resumed until late in the afternoon. |  In the party were Vice President and Mrs. Corral. Roberto Nunez, Mrs. Nunez and Miss Nunez, Major and Mrs. Garcia Cuellar, Mrs. R. Serrano, Commissioner General A. R. Nuncio, General Torres, Senor I Aldusoro, General Rice and Ri- ecardo Diaz-Albertini, secretary of the Committee on Reception and Entertain- ment.  Vice President Corral and party will de- part to-morrow, according to their orig- inal plans. After the drive through the | grounds, Vice President Corral, Ambassa- | dor Aspiroz and Commissioner General | Nunclo requested Mr. Albertini to convey | to President Francis their personal assur- | ances that there was no truth in the re- port that they had considered the una- _voldable absence of President Francis and other oT Sts officials from the recep- tion to Vice President Corral last Wednes- erat 4 night at the Planters Hotel in the light of a slight.  They asked Mr. Albertini to say to Mr. Francis that they well understood that the multiplicity of the social Sh Sr of Exposition officials preclude their presence at the Mexican reception that night, and that while they greatly re- gretted the inability of the Fair officials to attend there was no feeling on their part because of their absence, save re gret at it.  Louis J. Labastida, secretary of the Mexican Embassy in Washington. also repudiated the statement attributed to him of severely criticising the Exposition offic@aly because of thelr absence from the reception.  President Francis, Mrs. Manning, Secre- tary Stevens and Director of Exhibits Skiff have all written cordial notes of re- gret to Vice President Corral and the members of the Mexican Commission, in which they have explained the circum- stances that prevented them from being Present at the reception.  These circumstances were merely the fact that there were several other social functions at the World's Fair grounds for which they had sent their accept- ances, prior to recelving the invitation to the Mexican poy ate The lateness of the hour and the distance of the Planters Hotel prevented them from reaching the latter reception in time.  In the case of Secretary Stevens he had ordered his carriage in ample time to be driven to the Planters for the re- ception. When he reached his hotel, how- ever, he found that Mrs. Stevens just prior to his arrival had slipped on a rug {in her apartments and had sprained her ankle so seriously that it was impossible for him to leave her that night. 