Fair Management Decides on No- vember 8 for National Cele | bration and Plans Flag Demonstration.  American Dey at the World’s Fatr will be observed November 8, election day. The Special Exploitation Committee met yes- terday to devise plans for the celebration of the day. The day has been set very ap Propriately for one of the days cf na- tional importance and the Exposition man- agement believes that, nothwithstanding it is election day, it will witngss an out- pouring of patriotic America‘:s.  It will be made the ocacsion for a flag demonstration, and everywhere on the grounds the national colors will be in ev- idence.  Thousands of visitors will be provided on entrance to the grounds with small American flags, and over the center of the Grand Basin it is planned to have an enormous electric American fag.  Tre election returns will be givein at six different places on the grounds at night and the regulation stereopticon and can- vas screen will make visitors feel that they are not missing any of the news by being on the grounds. It is planned to give the returns on Plaza St. Louis, Plaza Or- leans and the plaza west of the Trans- portation building, besides at three differ- ent places on the Pike.  WILL DISCUSS RELATION  The first session of the Religio-Scientific Institute, under the auspices of the Uni- versity Union of California, which has headquarters at Los Angeles, will be held  ‘this morning at ll o'clock in room 3, Hall of Congresses.  Meetings will be held all week and the relation of religion to science will be dis- cussed. “Religion From a Scientific | Viewpoint’ will be the subject of the lec- ture this morning.  The institute is under the direction of Professor Jay G. Rodger, Ph. D.. who holds the California State chair of re- ligious evidences from a scientific view- | point. The University Union of Call- fornia is affillated with the National Uni- versity Union of Washington, D. C., which has set out to establish In each State such a chair of professorship. 