and study, have planned to present their request to the President, saying they are sure he can “‘fix it.’  _Datto Facundo of the Samal Moros and Chief Antonio of the Igorrotes, who vis- Isted the .President in ‘Washington, are anxiously awaiting uw renewal of their ac- qtaintance, and have left directions for | an early breakfast, as they are filled with |) the fear that the President will come carly on his hurried trip and get through the villages without. their ES him. ie Antaerlo, the bright Igorrote boy, who has -learned-to run a printing press, was busy yesterday striking off some visiting cards with the President's name and a eut of Antaero, which had been used in one ‘of the advertising folders.  _The President has expressed his jinten- tion of seeing every bit of the Philippine grounds, visiting all the villages and ex- hibit buildings. The President, upon his arrival, will first visit the Scouts’ parade grounds, where a joint parade and calis- thente rifle drill will be given by the Philippine Scouts and Constabulary,  As he approaches, the twenty-one guns of tha presidential salute will be fired and the Scouts’ Band will play “Hail to the Chief."  The two bands will alternate with na- | tional. airs while the salute is being fired | and the presidential party take their seats on the special stand of honor, crowned | with a bamboo arch, built by the Scout soldiers.  The arch is after the pattern of the triumphal arches erected in the islands on the occasion of the visit of great per- sonages, and the idea wus conceived by the soldiers themselves. ;  It will be the first time the President has eyer locked upon his Filipino troops ora body of natives.. Some of the drill will be exebuted in unison by Scouts and Constabutary, and some features, such as the bolo-knife drill of the Scouts, sep- arately. The troops will pass in review after the drill, the whole occupying about twentysfive «minutes, :  From.the parade grounds the President will tour the villages and buildinzs, every point of the reservation being guily dec- orated in his honor.  For the.time that the President is on the grounds they wi:l be closed to the public. 