It is difficult to persuade oneself into @ratefulness over the information con- cerning coffee which Brazil's Commis- stoners have brought to the Fair, for the American delectation and edification. True, we have heard it said often that this so-called “Java and Mocha” which we drink comes neither from Java nor from Mocha, but may have originated anywhere, but, to an extent at least, we have discounted such statements, and have assured our guests confidently at the breakfast table that the morning bever- age is indeed the real thing—a genuine dave and Mocha biend.  The last, lingering superstition on the subject goes glimmering after a short Stay tn the Brazil building. Directly over the main entrance are found these sig- mifcant figures on coffee exports, cover- ing the years between July, 191, and July, 1903: Brazil, 16,246,000 bags; other countries 3,342,000 bagma The following amplification of the figures is etill more disturbing:  Bxports from Brazilian ports—Santos, 20,000,000 bags; Rio Janeiro, 5,149,000; Bahia and Victoria, 754,006.  From Colombia and Central America, 114,00) bags  Venesueia, 800,000 bags.  Java, 46,08 bags  Hayti, 426,000 bags.  Other countries, 517,000 bags.  In the face of Java's 43,00 begs-of 132 pounds each, as compared with the total production, how can we continue to be- lieve in the long-boasted Java coffee, even though we may have paid the price de- manded for the brand? And J. C. Alves de Lima, coffee expert and delegate from Brasil to the Exposition, declares posi- tively that we don’t get Java in the United States at any price.  “The Java coffee is practically all used in Holland,” be said, “‘and certainly the amount that gets to New York is only a very few thousand bags. At that I have known Brasil coffee to be shipped to Java and reshipped thence. Rotterdam, by the way, ia one of our largest export ports." By refsrences to a compilation of coffee export statistics, prepared and translated inte English by order of the Minister of Agriculture and Public Works of Brazil, it is found that 100,753 bags went from Rio and Santos to Rotterdam in 1x2 Antwerp also received 461,580 baga It is curious to note also that Alexandria, Bagypt, in Mocha territory, took 4,05 begs from Brazil. Shipments to New Or- leans and New York amounted to 715,309 and 453,047 bags respectively. The total for the year was distributed among 142 ports in all parts of the worid.  So we ars compeied to recognize the fact that not enough real Java is grown to supply Holland itself, and that at least 98 per cent of the so-called Java and Mo- cha coffees come from Brazil. Much of it is reared there under the name, being originally of imported scei. Often, ac- coming to the Brazil cormee men, large import dealers of the United States will mir with e large bulk of Brazil coffee emall quantities of African or Asiatic brards, seeking individual biends which suit the tastes of the public that taey aim to serve. In that connection an extraor- dinary fact appears; one of the many pe- cullarities of the coffee trade; different localities favor different coffees. You may see one kind of bean in the Brazil building which commands a high price sciely because it is in great demand in Chicago, and nowhere aise has it proved so attractive.  The development of the Santos coffee district of Brazil Las become almost as significant to the trade of the world as 