}| Carl Richter Has Regretted His Kindness to Unfortunate Woman. World’s Fair Guard Who Once Was a Robber’s Victim Sym- pathized With a Female Similarly Situated.  :  A, In an endeavor to do a similar kindness ; to one which was extended to him many | years ago when all he possessed was y | Stolen from him, Carl Richter, a guard : employed in the German section of the . | Palace of Education and Social Economy, fj is out $40, through a case of misplaced 1} confidence.  : Richter lost his purse once and a .| Stranger loan2:i the amount of its con- -j| tents. He repaid the money. Several  Ironths ago he did a similar kindness for  % Woman whose purse was snatched from  her at the police station. The woman  has not returned the sum,  Cari Richter, when a young man, in  , | 1865, Jeft the Fatherland and went to Australia to seck his fortune. He was in thet far-away country but a year or ° |] so, perhaps, when he received a message telling him of the illness of his son, and advising him to hasten to his bedside. , | While at Sidney ready to start for his _| home, his purse, containing $300, his : woke savings, was snatched from his ; | hand. , He was distressed and knew not what to do. The Sidnsv newspaper contained | @ notice of the theft and a man who saw .| it believed that Richter was honest and -| loaned him the amount of his loss. Aft- . | er his return to Germany, in time Richter '{ returned to his benefactor the amount of "| his indebtedness to him. : In St. Louis, thirty-nine years after, | . | Richter saw an opportunity to do a simi- | -| lar kind act when he read in The Re- '| public of the fact that a Pineville, Ky., }}| Woman had lost her purse at Union Sta- tion. It was snatched from her hands as she was getting ready to return to her home after a visit to the Fair. Richter }} called upon the matron at the station, | where the woman spent the night, and offered to lend her the full amount of her loss, $40. She accepted the money, prom- ising to return jt when she arrived at home,  The Union Station incident occurred in August. Mr. Richter waited for a month and then as a gentle reminder wrote a note to the woman inquiring as to her  ‘| safe urrival. She replied that she had jee home safely and thanked Mr. ichter for his solicitude. But she didn’t rend the money. Mr. Richter waited and waited, and becoming tired, called yes- terday upon Robert E. Hughes, secretary of tne Kentucky Commission, and told him his troubles. The German citizen is still ‘Waiting for his $40.  PERMANENT EXHIBIT FAVORED. House of Hoo-Hoo Works in Interest of St. Louis Forestry Museum.  With the preparation of a cummunica- tion to be sent to every State ana foreign commmission and exhibitors interested in forestry at the World's Fair the first step was taken yesterday afternoon toward the establishmert of a permanent forestry ex- hibit in Sty Louis after the close of the Fair. The attention of the Commission- ers and exhibitors will be called to the ex- stence of the St. Louls Forestry Museum in the distribution of thelr exhibits wnen the Fair ends.  The committee, which met yesterday afternoon, was appointed by the House of Hoo-Hoo for the purpose of preparing a permanent forestry exhibit for St. Louis, regardless of whether the House of Hoo- Hoo will be accepted by the city for that purpose, an@ its duties are separate from that of the committee appointed to dis- pose of that structure.  The committee is composed of Doctor William Treleare, director of the Missouri Botanical Garden, chairman; W. E. Barns, editor of the St. Louls Lumberman; Doc- tor J. L. Van Ornum, professor of civil engineering, Washington University; N. W. McLeod, president of the Negoial Lumber Manufacturers’ Association; Her- man von Schrenk, chief Division of For- est Products, United States Department of Agriculture, and George E,. Watson.  The communication to the Commission- ers and exhibitors, which is signed by the committee, ana George E. Watson, secre- tary, is as follows:  The sinilersigned, a committee appointed by the House of Hoo-Hoo, the Lumbermen’s Club, on the World's Fair, a duly incorporated as- sociation under the laws of the State of Mis- souri, have been charged with securing material Tepresentative of forest products for a per-  manent public forest-product museum, to be located in the city of St. Louls.  Knowing that vou have exhibited at the Ex- position material of high instractive value for such a museum, and knowing that many of the exhibits of this character are destined for pres- entation to public Institutions at the close of the Exposition. we would neepecttully, request ‘our consideration of the proposed St. Louls Forestry Museum in arranging for the final aise of your exhibit in this department.  her information in regard to the pur- poses of the committee and the assurance of its success In insuring the preservation and utili- zation of material presented in the manner contemplated. will be Ape given, either by letter or in a personal interview, if will kindly indicate your wishes to the chairman or any member of the committee.  Trusting to be favored with a reply at your early convenience and assuring you that your co-operation in the work of the committee will be greatly appreciated, we are, etc.  AT INDIANA BUILDING.  O20 0-0 b OO 00 0  RE Sk cs igh etc att eae eae Hikes is. Tes i ees Fi eet eee ee Tees oe ate Bassa 5 a bc ey > Bape igi Rt Soe: ee es sgeciate eee eae. tS aed Hi aosm © ee es gee Heater: Mes eas si ee ns Sle gem | Cet 3. od thes terres. See etar ARE POE i a chr ; a SE hae yeas eee 1 Ps as ee Ba Cee ty ae was ifs 4 1 : 1 { 1 Qe 0 0 0 MISS MARY SHIRLEY,  Of Kokomo, who is one of the ‘assistant | | hostesses at the Indiana building at the afiedete aaa Foes a the daughter of C.  . Shirley, on e Indiana Commis- stoners, and her mother is the hostess of | ‘ the pavilion. ] Entertainment at Texas Building. ;  _ As. the final event of the term of Mrs.  Bacon Saunders of Fort Worth as hostess |  of the Texas building at the World's Fair, :  a music programme will be Mor this aft-  ernoon <A pupils from the School  for the Blind. Miss Catherine Holland, a  former resident of St. pee now con-  ear suntan annie ce 7 , has also arran; @ programme, ‘the participants being her former pupils | in St. Louis. : : 2 De you know the rich man’s latest * much good fan and spert. Read ef | * ‘Sew's Sunday Republic, - .*t 