Consists of Red Feather Typical of the Indians, With Initials “1. T.” PREPARING FOR OHIO DAY. Reunion of Buckeye State Guests Planned as a Feature of Ez- excises — Meetings at Kentucky Pavilion.  |  | Probably the most untque badge selected by any State will be distributed to Indian | Territory visitors at the Territory celebra- tion at the World's Fair to-day. The badge consists of a red feather, typleal of the Indians, with the Indian Territory In- {tials “I, T.." signifying that that section of the country is “IT.”  The exercises, which will begin promptly at ll o'clock this morning at the Terri- tory building, will consist of addresses by President Francis, General Pleasant Por- ter, Principal Chief of the Creek Indians; Charles B, Stuart of South McAlester and Governor Thompson EB, Ferguson of Okla- homa. Music will be furnished by the Tulsa and Chilocco bands.  After the exercises the day will be a busy one for the Territory visitors, The Tulsa band will give a concert between 2:30 and 3:30, and between 4 and 5 o'clock In the Assembly Hall of the building a recital will be given by Mme. Anna Welss of Vienna, Austria, a planiste, aasiated by William A, Willett, barytone, and Miss Julla Watxel, accompanist of Chicago, In the evening a reception will be given at the Territory building between the hours of 8 and 11,  Stacey H. Rankin, Executive Commis-  sioner for Ohfo, states that an exceptional- ly large number of Ohfoans will attend the Btate day celebration October 6. In addition to the exercises, which will be of an elaborate nature, the inducement has been held out to the Ohloans to hold a ‘great reunion In St, Louis, and this will have the effect of bringing thousands here | who otherwise would not come. The Ohto Soctety of St. Louis ts interested in the Inatter and will assist in making the re- union feature a success,  No more beautiful expression of patri- Olle sentiment has been displayed recent- ly at the Exposition on a State day than ds revealed in a gift from an Ohio coun- try school of 3,100 giant Buckeye horse Chestnuts sent to the Ohfo Exposition Commission as thelr part in the celebra- ‘on of Ohio Day! The school ehildren Write through their teacher, Mis Phoehe Dabele of Marietta Township, that, though they couldn't get to the Exposition to help In the Ohio Day exercises, they took great pleasure in sending the horse chestnuts, ake they gathered after school houra  or this particular purpose, The Commias- sioners purpose to exhibit this rift before the thousands of visitors com ng to the Ohlo State building as an fllustration of Ohio school children's State pride,  Judge Hiram Knowles, who recently re- tired from the office of Judge of the Uni- ted States Circult Court, 1s a visitor to the World's Fair from his home at Hel- ena, and has made the Montana building his headquarters, Former Governor Hunt of Porto Rico succeeded Judge Knowles.  William Scallon, another Montana visitor, {s a member of the State Commission. His home fs at Butte,  Twelve hundred Montana visitors regis- tered at tho State buildi during the  rf, 14 “month of September, A still arger attend- ance from that far-away State is expected In October, Commissioner Buskette, ex- aor that the registration will amount to at least 2,000.  The Montana building has recently un- dergone a thorough renovation, a dis- ‘tinctive feature being the placing of new American flags around the pavilion,  The Kentucky building will be the scene of several meetings next week. The alum- nae of Loretto Academy will meet on Tuesday. The mother school of this or- pert is In Marion County, Kentucky,  ut it has toatl branches {n other parts of the country, Se one In St, Louis The mentcky Bankers’ Association wili meet Wednesday and Thursday. A banquet will be the feature of the final day's session,  The American Brick Manufacturers’ As- sociation will be the quests of the Ken- tucky Commission Friday evening.  At the Texas bullding yesterday after- noon a recital was given by Mrs, Harry HL Wagner of St. Louis, a reader,  Miss Edith Singleton of Kirkwood gava a song recital at the Virginia building yesterday afternoon. Miss Singleton is a young soprano. She sang, among other selections, ‘For This,” by De Koven ; ‘“Violets,’’ Wright; Volces of the Wooda,' Rubinstein, and “Love Token,” by Thomas.  Mrs. John D. aereats of Blue Ridge Snapter: Daughters of the American Rev- olution, {s acting as an assistant to Mrs. W. M. Strother, the hostess at the Vir- ginia building. Mra. Horsley is also a del- egate to the convention of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, which meets this month.  W. E. Collier, a member of the Tennes- see Commission, and Mrs. Marshall. are Guests at the State Pavilion. B, M. Wol- laré of Nashville is visiting his daugh- ter, Miss Addie Wollard, one of the aas- sistant hostesses of the Tennessee Pa- vilion.  After a visit of several days at the Fair Governor J. W. Terrell of Georgia and his staff returned yesterday afternoon to At- lanta. Tho Governor expressed himself as having had a most enjoyable time while in St. Louls, and was especially artes ative of tho courtesies extended him by President Francis,  Mrs. William Yates of Springfield, a cousin of Governor Yates, Is a guest at the Illinois building. Miss Mary Berkey, the matron at the Illinois buflding, has returned from a visit to her home at Champaign.  J. A. Yerington, Executive Commisston- er from Nevada, and president of the Ex- ecutive Commissioners’ Association, de- parts to-morrow for home. Mr. Yering- ton is the Republican candidate for Con- gress from Nevada, and he will tour the State on a campaign trip. During his ab- sence Senator Herman Freudenthal will be in charge of the Nevada exhibits and building.  Miss Antoinette edteih 3 of Greenville, Miss., acted for Mrs. loyd R. Walton as the hostess at the State Pavilion yas- terday. Miss Starling {s the guest of Mrs. George Castleman of No. 393 Lindell boulevard. 