PAINTING OF EMPRESS AN. Chinese Imperial Vice Commissioner and Party Visit the Art Palace.  Mr. Wong Kai Kah, Chinese Imperial Vice Commissioner to the World's Fair, -accompanied by his family, visited the |Art Palaee yesterday afternoon and in- spected the portrait of Empress An, | which is on exhibit in the American sec- tion.  There were n the party Mr. and Mrs. Wong, Mr. Kee Owyang, Mr. King Owang, Chinese Vice Consul at San Francisco; Miss Ah May Wong and six children. Upon entering the gallery con- taining Queen An's picture the men in the party all removed their hats and stood for some miutes in earnest contempla- tion of the only representation of Chi- nese royalty ever portrayed on canvas.  The expressions on their faces illus- ‘trated the extreme veneration in which their Empress is held by the Chinese. After ten minutes spent in front of the picture the party left the gallery and visited other sections of the Art Palace, | The room containing the now-famous portrait of the Empress has proven to be one of the most popular galleries in the Art Palace. From the opening of the building at 9 a. mm. till the doors are closed at sundown crowds of visitors stream through the narrow doors of the gallery to get a look at the remarkable picture. It is mounted on a massive pedestal of teak wood from the Orient and occupies nearly the entire east end of the room. It was painted _in the royal palace at Pekin by Miss Kate Carl, an American artist BEGIN WORK ON GRANGE PAGODA. Structure Will Be Ready for Occu-  pancy by August 1.  Work . was. begun yesterday .on the Grange Pagoda, which is being erected in the southern part of the Palace of Agri- culture as a headquarters for the mem- bers of the National. Grange Association and their families, It will be ready for occupancy by August 1. Every conven- lence that will conduce to the comfort of the members will be placed in the pagoda. While it is intended primarily as a head- quarters for the grange other visitors will be welcome.  Rest rooms for women-and children, with private retiring rooms, settees and chairs for visitors, and writing tables and Stationery, are among the conveniences wkich will be in the grange headquarters. A bureau of information will also be muintained, where all questions will be an- swered and where a ae ee directory of reasonable places to lodge may be found. The pagoda will be in charge of the officers of the Grange Association, who will appoint members to take charge of the headquarters during the reminder of the Exposition.  GERMAN EXHIBIT OPENS TO-DAY. Many Modern Appliances Shown in Palace of Machinery.  Doctor Wagner of the German exhibit in the Palace of Machinery has sent out invitations to the leading engineers..and officers of the ree eye for the official openiun: of the exhibit, which will take aoe be rot hot bac vie = o'clock. worn  eresting of -the large number of modern mechanical appliances shown is the Huber press in operation. A  It operates ut a. pare of 6,000 at- veg oer and at a hydraulie pressure of 84,000 pounds to the square inch. Two up- See boilers made by Schusete & Duerrr.and 1,000-horse—power. engine by the Elsaassisohe Machinen Geselischaft in Mullhausen: are also shown. The dis- play of mn instrumerts and ae delegate’ of the German” Engtheeriig’ lelegate o rman clety, will. give secinrensenpienins the at the bosthe erected. by the accieny in a e- > bY Re : block No. 3 of the Palace of Machinery 