ters hustling after her. ti was a ively  Inte the Teorrete village rapldiy walked Miss Roosevelt. and just toside she halted  » 2reet the Lrorrotes who were there  ‘ aoa her. The savages were dressed  iheir holiday raiment, as they say in  K onkekee. The women were elaborate and  uyly colored blankets, but the men wore  is ribbor n thelr hair, a pleased logked Hike a breech cloth. The men carried theic muste instruments d with the ad- vent of Wiss Roosevelt thev began their  w i chant and dance. Down Into the  gully and up-the other side they went, with Miss Roosevelt rocht after them and the others after Miss Roosevelt. Governor  Hunt had arringed the dance to he in  “Tol f his collage, where seats were pro- Vided for the purt  There were several hundred sightseers in the village at the time, and these  <uteed forward like a mighty wave, that threatened to Insulf the dancers and Miss Roosevelt and ali the others, and the memlers of the partr had to fight their way throush the crowd to their seats on the cottage porch.  The barbaric dance of the head-hunters was inspiring sand exciting, and Miss Reoseveit watched the dencers with in- | tease interest. Their wild chant seemed to | impress her, and to Mr. Stone she sald | hat it was ail extremeiy interesting. with the Igorrotes. He had only a breech with the Igorrotes. He ied only a breach cloth to encuminr his person, and be was brought up and presented to the Presi- ueni’s daughter. She shook hands with him and gave him « quarter, which he accepted  with a bow.  While the dancers were geing through their evolutions Chief Antonio was intro- diced to Miss Roosevelt. He gave two be.utiful blankets to her that his wife had woven and also a small lgorrote hat tnat he himself had woven. She toox the gitts and thanked him for ther. Miss Recse- Velt was a bit puzzied over the gifts. With perfect frankness she asked Mr. Stone if it would be proper for her to ac- cept the gifts. and was told that it wou'd, It fs the firsc time that gifts have been civen to her as the daughter cf the Frest- dent, hence her question ag to ker ac- ceptance.  Governor Hunt sent the Igorrotes over on either side of the gully for a battle witb dirt, instead of stones. to show Miss Rooseveit how the Izorrotes fight and how they protect themselves with their bambooo shicids, an event that pleased her, and then the party swung around to take in the sights :  The crewd came scurrying after her in typical American fashion. This digusted Doctor Williamson, who remarked to Mr. Markham:  “The impudent people! It makes me ashamed that I am an American citizen!” DID NOT INDORSP OBIECTION TO CROWD.  It was a sentiment that plainly Miss Roosevelt did not indorse. She smiled | good-naturedly, and. in fact, seemed to enjoy the peli-mell rush of the people all around her. She shows that she’s a thorough American and ts glad of It.  The first stop was made in the theater where the Fillpino midgets are playing. and the two bits of humanity danced for the President’s daughter. .Then she was hurried away—or rather she hurried away with Doctor Wilson as guide—to the Neg- rito village. It was explained to her that the Negritos are probably the most prim- itive of people and she looked them over | with a critical eye. As an example of their agility a bambo mat was lald over a pole reaching a small platform, and up thet one of the Negriios ran with a child in his arms.  Capitan is the presidente of the Negri- tos, and he was introduced. He wore his battered and ancient “plug” hat and when presented he raised {t with a stiff left arm above his head In a manner that brought a pleased and amused smile from the/| President’s daughter. Then the “missing } Iink,”” as one of the Negrites is called. was! introduced. He held out his hand with al smile and she touched it with hers. j  Out of the Negrito village the party | raced to the parade ground of the Philip- | pine Constabulary, where there was an. interesting drill, and where two autormvo-_ biles were waiting. During the dril! Miss | Roosevelt and the ladies in her party oc- | cupied the cars, and as soon as the drill ' was over they were whisked away to the Pilipino Scout parade grounds. {  It was then after 6 o'clock, and the} shadows were lengthening across the pa- | rade ground, ard already it was growing | dim in the forest, in which are the tents of the Government’s native soldicery of the Philippines. The two automobiles ! were admitted through the gates, and the | scouts brought chairs and placed them un- der the trees for the party. Miss Roose- ak Mr. Longworth as her male companion throughout the drill, and fre- quently the two exchanged words that caused a bit of Jaughter between them. | FILIPINO SCOLTS GO THROUGH MANCAL.  Major Johnston, commandant of the Scouts, was presented to Miss Roosevelt, end then he stepped out on the parade ground and the drill began. The flag was lowered with impressive ceremonies and the drill was the manual of arms, the calisthenics of ihe army, splendidiy exe- cuted, and the music of the Souts Band 