a | Sees Exposition Incognito and Ignores Callers at the Inside Inn. ta ; ALLEGED SICKNESS A HOAX. | | Liliuokalani Leaves Inn by Side  Door and Sees the Pike and Buildings—Angry Because | of Social Neglect. | ’  Former Queen Lilluokalant of Haweli | has departed for San Francisco, on her  way ,to her home in Honolulu, and she gees with a thorough knowledge of the World's Fair and everything on the Pike, for, instead of being ill and confined to her room at the Inside Inn, she has been well and active, and she has “done” the Pair and the Pike independent of the Exposi- tion Company.  The former Queen was piqued Monday afternoon when she reached the Union Station and realized that there was no reception committee to welcome her to St. Louis. She was angry when she had to pay her way Into the World's Fair grounds, and still angrier when she was told at the Inside Inn that ® certs addl- tional for herself and each member of her party would be added to her bill each day, the sald 5 cents being for admissions and for the Exposition Company.  Queen “Lil” did not sulk. That would not be royal. Indeed, she remained closely in her room and gave ft out that she was “sick” and could see no one. She positive- ly refused to see anyone. The Princess Kalanianole, wife of Prince “Cupid,” the fogmer Queen’s adopted son and a delegate in Congress from Hawali, formally called on President Francis and inspected the grounds.  However, the former Queen was not to be deprived of seeing the Fair, for Tues- day morning she summoned a bellboy and told him to call a carriage for her, and gave him $2 to say nothing about it. When the carriage arrived, she, accompanied by the Princess and her secretary and com- panion, got In and took a long drive over the grounds. They were not recognized by anybody, the Queen sitting In a rear seat ef the carriage and well shielded from view.  Tuesday night the former Queen walke4 out of the side entrance of the Inside Inn, accompanied by the Princesas. They took chairs to the Pike and saw some of the entertainments along that thor- oughfare. Wednesday afternoon the for- mer Queen called at several buildings, be- ing pushed In a chair, and Wednesday night she saw more of the Pike. The pro- gramme of Wednesday was repeated Thursday, including a ride on the Intra- mural.  SLIPS OUT OF HOTEL  When the former Queen left the Inn she called a bellboy and gave him © cents to see that the road was clear and to say nothing. He was also the guard for her return to the Inn. When she left yester- day morning she complimented the lad and gave him $10 for his secretivenesm  Although Queen “Lil” was frequently around the grounds, she kept away from the Administration building and from all officials of the Fair. She did not call on a single friend in St. Louis, and to every card that was sent up to her room one answer was returned:  “The Queen begs to say that she is so fll that she cannot see you. She thanks you most cordially for calling and for your kind solicitation for her health.”  It is to be presumed that the former Queen enjoyed the snub that she was ad- ministering to the Exposition officials and friends in St. Louis, and that she also enjoyed her tour of the various buildings and of ¢he Pike, Wednesday night and on Thursday Prince “Cupid” was with his mother and his wife on their secret tours of the grounds and the Pike, but frequent- ly he drepped behind them so as not to attract attention, as he is comperatively well known to Exposition officials and others at the Fair.  At Unicn Station yesterday morning the former Queen hurried from the carriage . to her sleeper, and Prince “Cupid” looked after the baggage, which, by the way, he had to pay’ $104 excess rate on, as there were eighty-three distinct packages. While the Prince will return to the Fair, Queen “Lil” will not. 