to engrossmert. > ’ AT THE WORLD’S FAIR.  The Icorrotes will soon have a shower bath rigged up for them in their village. It may shock you to learn that the bath will be for both men and women, and that it takes the place of the streams fn which they bathe when at home. Centrary to general belief, the Igorrotes are a clean people. .  The Igorrotes will have a big dog feast to-morrow. Governor Hunt has secured the necessary number of dogs, and he will let the head-hunters dance and feast to their heart’s content. It will be one of the biggest feasts they have held since they reached the World's Fair.  “They nave been working hard and I  guess they’ve got a good time coming to them,” said Governor Hunt. + Friday is the Mohammedan Sunday, and therefore there was no work yesterday among the igorrotes and several of the other Mohammedan tribes at the World's Fair. They held their own services and observed the day ds they do all Fridays.  Another bunch of Apaches was received at the Indian exhibit yesterday, and when some more Comanches reach “Indlan Hill" the exhibit of the primitive people of the United States will be complete. The In- dians have-about finished their respect.ve homes, and the collection of abodes is one of the most interesting features of the Fair. There has been no calling = set- tied upon, and there is comparatively lit- ue calttna: among the different tribes.  “The Indians are clannish as Scots,” sald Doctor McCowan, “and you will no see much caHing. Whenever one Indian visits another it is ee and not friendliness that prompts the ef”  Capitan is back among the Negritos, Four days ago he was sent to the Scouts’ hospital suffering from pneumonia, and the general bellef was that he would die, but yesterday morning he —— the attendants by rising from his and don- ning his black and shining frock coat and bis battered silk hat, proceeded to walk out of the hospital and join his people. Capitan looks a little the worse for wear, but he’s a long way from the graveyard.  A 18-year-old Negrito mother, with her child strapped to her back, excited some curiosity yesterday afternoon when she did the family washing. She kneeled down at the pond and proceeded with her work as if she were not kncumbered with the chilé and apparently unconscious that the baby was on her back.  “Now, isn’t that Just a wonder?’ ex- claimed a woman to her companion, and the other woman sald:  “Just!”  IGORROTES DISCUSS THE WEATHER Recall Chilly Spell When Julio’s Wife Eloped With Jualio’s Brother. Chief Antonio and Presidente Domingo of the Bontoc Igorrotes met Presidente Byungasin of the Suioc Igorrotes in front of Governor Hunt's cottage yesterday morning when the wind was whistling through the village and white people were  wearing overcoats.  “This reminds me of the cold ll we had in the fall of 1886,” remarked Chief Antonio, according to the a  “Yes, it does,” assented Presidente Do- mingo. “That was the time when there was ice on the lake.”  “I am reminded of the cold spell when the creek overflowed the north meadow of my village,” said Presidente Byungasin. “1 eat remember the year, but I do the flood. It reached the floors of some of the houses.”  “The cold weather we had the year we Pega See fe hmmcng — not as cold‘as  we're having to- .” volunteered Chief Antonio. 4  “I think the coldest June I ever saw was that a few years back, when Julio's wife ran away with Julio's brother,” re- mashes teeter rape pa err  “Yes, that was a cold month,” declared Chief Antonio. “I remember the dog meat froze that month two or three times, and we couldn't have our feasts.”  “The coldest weather in forty years,” began Presidente Byungasin, but the oth- ers walked away.  FRENCH COMMISSIONER'S GUESTS. M. Lagrave Gives Dinner for Officers |  of World's Fair.  Michel Lagrave, Commissioner General || of France, gave a dinner to the officers |  ‘of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Com- || pany at his residence in ell avenue | last night. =  The guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Dayid R. Francis, Mr. and Mrs. Corwin H. Spen- | | cer, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel M. Houser, Mr. | and Mrs. a P. My and | | Mrs. Seth W. Cobb, Mr. and Charles | | 