: numerons opportunities for instruction and en-  joyment should be accepted generally during the  next thirty days. First, that the purpose of the  Exposition should receive as flattering fulfillment  as possible. Second, that the knowledge-seeking  ‘majority of the public should acquire full benefit  ‘from the advantages offered. As an educational  enterprise of the highest and most practical .type,  as a philanthropic institution, the Exposition de  ‘serves recognition in attendance; as a disburser of innumerable benefits, it appeals to the personal in- terest of all who are able to see it.  The generous endowment, in connection with the variety and quality of the displays and with the magnitude and charm of the spectacle, urges upon  the public, as closing day draws rapidly near, the  desirability, from an individual standpoint, of at- tending and studying the Exposition. The enter-  ‘prise was created for enlightenment and progress,  ‘and the management has no wish more deep than  that the extraordinary educational advantages  ‘should be realized by the people.  - After closing day the value and importance of this iuternational university will grow steadily. Praise of and reference to the Exposition and its influence will be a custom for many years. The Exposition is so excellent in nearly all respects that it will shine as ene of the best achievements of the century. These indications should impress upon those who have not yet seen the Exposition, or who have seen it only a few times, why they should at- tend often before the close.  The loss through failure to attend and siudy the Exposition is pressing upon those who are neg- lectful or indifferent. Such an exposition cannot be constructed again in many years,: as, even if funds and talent should be available, circumstances would be unpropitious; besides, it is very question- able whether an international exposition, embracing the entire scope of exhibition, ever will be held again, as the tendency now is toward special exposi- tions. To all who may profit from the greatest Ex- position there is a particular appeal in the approach of closing day.  —-—_—__ - ----@-e-- —_ __- — CREDITABLE TO EVERY CITIZEN.  Few cities can declare in truth, as St. Louis caa, that reform has rectified simultaneously all depart- ments of the local government. It is decidedly ex- ceptional that the application of the best practical standards in the operative part of the municipal cor- poration is contemporaneous with the exposure of corruption and the prosecution and punishment of publie criminals, Nearly every large city is striving at reform and is getting specific results; but no other city, as far as is known, manifests the capacity of St. Louis in instituting a complete revolution.  The work of Circuit Attorney Folk shows extraor- dinary results, especially in correcting popular ideas regarding integrity in public office and consequently in better fitting citizens for deciding as to nomi- nees and questions of policy. His exposures of crime lay bare the causes of misgovernment and crime; they acquaint the public with the schemes and tactics of malefactors; they emphasize the deg- radation into which such crime lowers the communi- ty; they show the detrimental effect which misgov- ernment and dishonesty have on the business of taxpayers; they accentuate crime’s disgrace upon the city; they set a value on good government and they foster appreciation of respect for the law and for the oath of office.  As Mr. Folk impartially and fearlessly has con- tended against crime and criminals, the courts have maintained their dignity in a manner commanding satisfaction among citizens, the Police Department has given better protection, and the Wells adminis- tration has been establishing system in all branches of the government, carrying on permanent improve- ments and making standards for the preservation of efficient management. There is not one important department which is not better in all respects.  Mayor Wells has impressed upon city employes that municipal affairs have to be conducted in ac- cordance with business rules; and, therefore, stand- ards exist in all departments. He has impressed the sentiment of the New St. Louis. Citizens see the city's finances collected and invested rightly. They are pleased with clear water, with additions and al- terations to public buildings, with street and sewer improvements, with embellishments in the ‘parks, with improvements in the Fire Department, and with other public work. The results of good gov- ernment are perceptible. !  These changes have been going on steadily for nearly four years. Under the direction of Circui( Attorney Folk and Mayor Wells all officials and. em- ployes have performed their duties with a sincere feeling that reform and good government are the means whereby St. Louis is to take rank among the municipalities of the world as a model municipality, whereby disgrace is to be wiped out and the city get the esteem which it deserves to have.  This general betterment is not only an advertise- ment and a great benefit for the whole city, but it is also creditable to every citizen, regardless of his party affiliations. The “Thieves’ Oath” and the mu- nicipal moonlight are not forgotten, either here or at large; but, instead of being humiliated with de rogatory satire from strangers, citizens are now gratified with praiseworthy remarks from visitors upon the work of Circuit Attorney Folk and Mayor Wells, upon the results of thorough reform. Every citizen perceiyes the remarkable change, and is highly pleased. And if he is more loyal to himself and his city than to other persons or organiza- tions, he considers it to be his duty to vote for nomi- nees who will stand by and enlarge reform.  ——_+-9-—___—_- THE LAST MONTH. |  November is the last month of the World’s Fair. It is hard to believe that the magnificent spectacle which has interested and entertained 16,000,000 vis- itors, in which influential world’s congresses have been held, which has made a deep impression on thinkers and inspired the people, is to pass away in thirty days. To all of us it should be a spur to think that the educational opportunities are to be offered for only twenty-six days. The arrival of November brings home thé certainty of the end, and naturally makes all feel more heartily the great value and charm of the Exposition.  There is much satisfaction in the confidence that the enterprise has fulfilled its exalted mission. The people are more enlightened, more liberal-minded, more energetic, more hopeful and better satisfied. The progress of the world has been on display for six months, and there is no question that it has had a potent influence upon the representatives of for- eign Governments and upon men of learning and affairs, as well as upon the people of this country. The Exposition was projected along educational lines, and that the intention has been realized is acknowledged by all visitors, particularly by visitors of experience and knowledge.  -The Exposition makes its appeal for twenty-six days in November—it is-a pity that Sunday cannot  ‘be counted—to all persons who seek instruction, who  wish to acquire a true general knowledge of the  ‘people of all countries and of the state of civilization in all parts of the earth. It is expected that at least  4,000,000 visitors will enjoy the exceptional advan-  tages in the last month; but it is hoped that the at-  ‘tendance will be much targer than the estimate.  _ As the Exposition is not conducted for financial 