————-#-@-e-_____ THE PHILIPPINE SHOW. |  What should be done with the Philippines? In possession of them, their future becomes i grave | political issue in the United States, involving ques- tions of public policy, and, in a sense, even of gen- eral welfare. The questions are answered directly and by inference in the comprehensive Philippine Exhibition in the St. Louis World’s Fair. Each in- vestigator may arrive at somewhat different con- ‘clusions, as might be expected, but the special show 1s eo complete that it is possible to form a funda- mental opinfon on the whole subject.  The World’s Fair Philippine Exhibition is given under the auspices of the United States Govern- ment, at a cost of more than $1,000,000, and under the immediate direction of the Philippine Exposi- tion Board of three Commissioners. of which Doctor William Powell Wilson is chairman. One year was exhausted in preparing the exhibition, although as- sistance was rendered by at least 600 residents of the islands, throughout forty provinces. The ton- nage of the materials shipped to St. Louis excecded 12,000.  The exhibition covers forty-seven acres, in the central-western section of the Exposition grounds, being situated directly west of and in the rear of the Palace of Agriculture. The location is con- spicuous, owing to the adjacency of the Administra- tion and foreign buildings. Besides the ten large | buildings, in which the products, resources and in- dustries are displayed and demonstrated, there ure hundreds of nipa huts and dwellings, transported from the islands, in which the natives live. The “Walled City” produces the picturesque effect, with lakes, streams, bridges and characteristic acces- |. sories.  In the inclosed area are 1,100 natives of the Philippines, representing. some forty tribes. who live here as they do-in their own country. There are the Philippine Scouts and the Phillppine band and the Philippine Constabulary; there are head-hunters, tree-dwellers, Mohammedan Moros ard. other strange creatures, some scarcely clad at all, but with their skin tattooed, and others attired in flashy costumes.  The exhibition shows the best and the worst ot| 