“and we must ask that visitors do not attempt to come aboard until the river falls, as barges cannot be taken care of by the Nashville for fear of dragging. I eam charmed with St. Louis and my recep- tion ere and expect to enjoy the Expo- sition’as greatly as I did the Philedalphia Centennial in 1878 and the Paris Exposi- tion In 1878. These were my last efforts in this direction.  Accompanying Commander Hubbard were Lieutenant Commander Horace M. Witzel, Lieutenant Roscoe C. Moody, En- sign James C. Kress, Ensign William 8. Case; Midshipman Roy M. Ryden; Assist- ant Surgeon Herbert O. Shiffert; Assistant Paymaster H. D. Lamar, Pay Clerk lL. E. Conner. On the Lawrence are Lieutenant Andre R. Procter and Lieutenant Roland L Curtin. ‘i  There was no fuss and feathers, no re- ceptions, no visitations on the part of the officers and crew of the little Lawrence. Provoked at her inability to keep the bot- tom of the river from slipping beneath her enchors, she steamed far down be- neath the Workhouse quarries and tied up along the Government snagboat Wright.  TO RECEIVED VISITORS MONDAY.  The Lawrence ts simply a little térror. Two hundred and forty-six feet on the water line, with 23 feet beam and 9 feet draught, she can carry enough coal to cross the Atlantic Ocean, if necessary, at a nineteen-knot clip. There are no glint- ing brass works on her decks. Her guns are as black as her black-green hull. Her two torpedo tubes, with her four white Whitehead torpedoes, could dismantle any ship afioat.  The Nashville to her Is a toy, a play- thing. In warfare she and her commander would be alert for battleships to ensnare by false lights in the night, or torpedo- boats to destroy in the noonday. Her seven six-pounders can shoot with prize precision sixteen shots per minute and make bull’s eyes at 2,000 yards every round,  Her Lieutenant Commander, A. M. Proc- tor, is the son of a sturdy son of the Vermont granite hills, the late United, States Senator Redfield Proctor. Her sec- cond officer, R. I. Curtin, is the grandson of the famous war Governor of Pennsyl- vania, Richard Curtin, the friend of the Camerons and of Lincoin.  By Monday the Lawrence may conde- scend to come up and anchor alongside of @ wharfboat and let the public come and tramp over her, but until then, at least, she fs going to cleave close under the lee of the snagboat, and she cares not whether anyone sees her or not. To-day and Sunday the big excursion boats will leave every hour for two-hour trips around both ships.  It is not expected that efther ship will be ready to receive guests before Monday, but the river itself is an interesting sight for visitors.  GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS  | READY IN EVERY DETAIL. |  ‘Federal Buildings Will Be Open to | Public To-Day—President Fran-  | cis Congratulates Board.  |  | The United States Government building at the World’s Fair, as well as the United States Fish Pavilion, are completed, ané the exhibits are installed. W. V. Cox, Sec- retary of the Government Board, an- ‘nounced yesterday that both buildings Pace be opened to the public at noon to- day.  | “The Government Board has accepted ‘both buildings,” said Mr. Cox, “and so pleased were the members with the work of the contractors that a vote of thanks was extended to them. The report that the board was dissatisfied and had refused to accept the buildings is the most ab- surd canard of the season.  “The Government exhibits have been in- stalled in every detail, and President Francis yesterday congratulated the Gov- a Board upon the ‘ee of its 