With the Inaugural Handicap scheduled as the feature, what promises to be the greatest race meeting ever held in St. Louis wil] open at the Fair Grounds to- day. Several large stakes sare to be run at this meeting. Including the 8.0” World's Fair Handicap and the St. Louis Derby. |  Seven races are offered to-day. The Tn- a@ugura!l Handicap will be the center of in- terest, regardless of the remainder of the Programme. in this event are entered the best horses which have appeared for sev- eral seasons on the local courses. |  For the first time this year the Mulkey entry will make its appearance locally. Bas d'Or and Croix d'Or are too well | known to need comment anent their prow- ess. Croix d'Or showed reasonably good form at Kansas City. But this form hara- ly seems to justify the belief that he will be a keen contender in the stake feature  of the day.  First Mason, with a victory in the Del- mar Inaugural to his credit. must be con- sidered a strong factor. It is true that rumors around the track state that his Sosa contest on that occasion took  © steam out of him, and that he is not as good as he was on that cay. But these Statements may be taken for what they are worth.  COPPERFIELD'S FIRST START. “Copperfield will start for the first time  Over the local tracks. He may not prove @ factor, if reports as to his work are correct. Sambo will represent the Civill stable and seems to be a trifle out of his depth in this company. But one contend- er, who should be right there from start to finish ig Big Ben. His New Orleans record was good, he has a race to his credit in Chicago and he seems to be a distinctly dangerous proposition in the Face to-day.  The local candidate which deserves most consideration is the gray gelding, Taby Tosa. Uncle Dan Kelley believes that he has u strong chance to win with him. The ring evidently does not believe 80, as Tuby is to be held at odds approxi- mating 10 to 1 in the betting. In fact, the open nature of the Inaugural thie year a2 strongly evidenced by the odds to be  Jack Young has shown great form in two or three races. He may be close up at the finish. “But, sizing up the last per- goed of the field, it avpears as if  Mason, Taby Tosa and Bie Ben may be the first three in the order named.  ‘Watson is to ride First Mason. He rode him in the Delmar Inaugural. The weight |. oo One pound more than Mason car-  on that occasion. Taby Toen is a |; arg and consistent Get hones He is to |. ave Donegan up. This may not suit him eo well as the handling of Watson or Austin. Fauntleroy rode him a couple of |. times, but the less said about those races | haben skew ail h First M look: ther, t ason looks | | best. He will be favorite at odds of 5 to! . 2 or 3 to 1, and will ay have the | | public backing behind him. Taby Tosa | ; should not be worse than second. KILO LOOKS GOOD.  In the opening race Kilo looks capable | | of putting the purse to the credit of Tom | | Hayes. Lady Vashti has speed enough ‘to | § be second and Sharp Bird, who has been }\4 gee most disappointly of late, should -Brocmhandle will make a long-deferred | tintin et 4 