, AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. ~A terem of beautifully executed wtalned ginve witlows, Inejuding one representing  Queen Wilhelitna taking the cath of office, ty & feature of Holland's diepisy of appited ert  in the Art Palace. “Tie (queen of Holland”  14 & Rertlon from @ cammenctative window  which “ae tnatalie’ tn one of the largent churches In Armeterdam et the time of the  Queen's corotation It ts emecuted by Jan J.  Fehouten, after the deawing af Otto SMengal  berg 'Prtcht and Cate,” showing a mother with her en jid, jeft alone hy the departure of the husbunt and father for the war, te @ atrikinw plece of wtulned miaen work: also the famous picture, ‘Ibe Flenish Merchant and  fin Wife’ Wa reproduced on @ stained-glass wintow.  ~M. Kerkow\ts, Wuentan World'w Fair Corn- missioner, han received @ cable gras, wating that @ Yatuabie collection of auptled art pieces, cast In tron, will be aided to the Russian = pint They will probably be places on dispiay ti the Palace of Liberal Arts  One hundred and tirty- five different hinds of Inmemron! inay be meen Ly the vinitor to the  Italian wection of the Palace of Agriculture. Thin etaple of Sunny Italy te made in aimoat every cotcelvable ehape, and the charactai idles Of each kit thengh partaking of the eame  meneral nature, ate eteentiatly different in | INany WAYS The meearont ween on the ruarket in peneticaliy wil of the stick end vermacell! wartety. lis the exhitit in the Itallan eection (it ia of all whopers and fesigns, Mararornt the | ere tect which wre not larrer than mustard seece, In eahitited. Btar-shaped and lated.  snaper varieties, the plecew of which ara the size of moall pene, are shown The various colors are the result of treatment with aiffar- pent vegetable extracts, and the macaronl made in thie way partakes of the flavor of the vex- etehles ued | At interesting relic of the Thirteenth Cen tury bas suet been placed on exhitition tn the British metion of the Palace if Literal Arts tt ig @ section of a window from allabn y Cathedral Engiend, which wee loaned we the Exposition by the dean and chapter of Hal a- bury. The window was of leaded plas of vart- ous cola’, arranged in a conventional deign, oe the fragtnent shown {a In @ fair wtnte of preservation, with traces of the original colurs wll Alscernible. oe ene peviaes : The feature of the Burstan art display now | Oe installed tn the art Falace, is a large pain ing, “Awaiting the Pasha.’ by M. G. Suh  hora wary, the artiat who painted “The Nonna’ |The picture {se valued at $4.60 and represents the davghter of a high Huesian farmliy, who has been abducted by ermissaries of the Persian  Pasha, a4 she awaits hile expected arrival Fear in written on every feature of her face en she languishes in her luxurious prisen units rescued by Kussian officers Just before the | Pasha’s arrival. The ofcture will he hand- Romely embellished and decorated and made the | Special feature of the Russian art exhibit —To the three persons guessina newest the /number of prunes tu the big prune hear tn tlie Sacraments Valiey, Callfortia. extithit Judze JH. Willits, commissioner for the extibit, haw offered three frizes. The firat prize ie a box of ently Calffornia oranges: the secand, two thirty-pount! boxer of pret: and the third, one box of prunes. Guessing blanks may be had on | Auguat Is in front of the bia bear. The contest will close Novernsber 1. Guesses will te imited to one day, but anyone may register one every day before the contest clones. | —An exhibit of beer tx one of the features of the exilbit of Mexico in the Palace of Agri- }euktare, Though it has not been ex lofted to any extent the manufacture of beer bs Mexico is one of the important industries of that coun- try, and large quantities are consumed there It ts clatmed by the Mexicane that the product of the breweries of that country fs superior to any beer made, and the prominence given this pexhibit ts intended to make this fact known to the world. ‘Three of the largest breweries, the combined capital of which ts $15,000,000, have made artistic displays of the various brands of beer which each manufactures. Accomparnving the exhibits of beer Ix a miniature of the brew- erties where the brer ts produced. One of these ts of cork, another of mahogeny and the third of cedar.  —(lolonel J. B Sanhorne, commander of the First Regiment, Ulinois National Guards, which recently spent a week at the Fair, has written to President Francis, expressing hie eatisfaction with the trip to the Fatr and ex- tending the thanks of the regiment to the Ex- position officials for thelr courtesy to the sol- diers during their stay at the Exposition.  —G. T. Tippin of the Missourf exhibit tn the Palace of Horticulture departed yesterday for Southwest Misscurt to secure fiom the big frust farms of that ¢ection a carlad of th* | famous Elberta peaches, of which a special /€xhibit ts to be made In the Missour! section of the Palace of Horticulture. A Missouri  Peach er will be bead as soun as the frutt is installed, and every visitor to tne Missourt! section on that day will be presented with one of the splendid Elberta peaches. |. —The feature of the programme to be ren- Gered at the Indian Senaoi at 4 p. m., to day by the pupils of the school, will be an octet, composed of Indian boys fn gris, whe will eing “Kentucky Babe" ne mem- bers of the octet are Hertha Johnson, Wyat- dotte; Catherine Valanzuela, Pima; Mary Csdreau, Chippewa; Besse Gayton, Ponca; Andrew Elm, Oneléa; Mike MeGinnis and Frank Oliver, Chippewa. There will also be &@ pantomime ‘Song of the Mystic.’’  —An oll engine used in the manufacture of gas in 183, and a@ ilttie hot-air engine, in which the air ts heated with a gas flame, beth exhibited by the Western Gag Assicia- thon in the Liberal Arts building, rep: esent Vividiy the progress of the gas industry in the United States during the past twenty-five— years. The 18% model was used in the mu-- nicipal gas plant of the city of New Orleans for many years, and is typical of the earfiy at- tempts at gas manufacturiing in commercial quantitieg in this country. Tne hot-air engine ie a new inveation, oue of the latest utilizing gaa  —The first_concert !n Jerusalem Grove, west of the Art Palace, was pee yesterday after- noon by Weti's Band. This band stand will be one of the BY gers Exxpoestior stands heréafter, and various bands will play there.  -—The Guatemala building will be opened Moniay, Avenst § There will be no ceremonics hecause of the inability of the Gautemalan Am- bassador at Washington to attend. Formal ex- ercises Will be held at the butiding September ii, Guatemalan Indeperdetice Day. $  —Manuel B. Zavaleta ls completing his South American pts tet exhibit in the Ar- geutine pavilion. and will soon invite Profes- sor WJ McGee to examine the collection. A private view will be given to the press before the exhibit wil! be opened to the public. Senor Zavaleta has made anthropology a life stulv. There are over 3%) pieces in the collection. They were gathered In the States of Catamarca erd Salta. in the Argentine Hepublic.  —An equestrian statue of President Roosevelt in cowboy ceetume is being carved our of tut- ter for the North Dakota dairy exhibit. When it {9 completed it will be piaced in that Etate's compartment in the refrigerator in the Palace of Agricuiture. President Roosevelt was a resi- dent of North Dakota from is to 1886 and saw actual service as a cowboy. The work is being done by F. H. Frolich of New York. Mr. Fro- lich studied tn Parts. and a portralt bust exe- cuted by him was awarded a silver medal there He Is et work on the statue in the north end of th» dairy refrigerator.  --An effort will be made at the National Real Fstate Congress to be held at the World's Fair «rounds early in October to organizer a national association of real estate agents. The congress is to be held under the management of the Peal Estate Steet of St. Louls. and the move- ment for a naticnal association is indorsed by many prominent business men in St. Louis, 