.| President Francis and Director Skiff to Be Decorated by : Shah of Persia. .| CEREMONY TO BE TO-MORROW. ,|Commissioner General Kelekian as Special Envoy to Bestow In- signia and Warrants of Kingly Favor. ; By imperial mandate of Manasfer et .| Din, King of Kings of all Persia, Presi- |dent D. R. Franc’s to-morrow will be decorated with a badge and ribbon of_the highest order of the Kingdom of Persia. _| At the same time, Director of Exhibits F. _| J. V. Skiff will receive a decoration of the | Same order, pvt one less in degree. The _| presentation will be made in the office of | President Francis in the Administration building, In the afternoon, by Dikran  Khan Kelekian, Consul General of the | Shah at New York City. and Commission- ‘er General from the Persian Government  to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.  The decoration to be presented to Pres- ident Francis is the Grand Ribbon of the Order of the Lion and the Sun, the super- lative recognition of worth and ability, which is made by the Shah, and !s the first decoration of srorhigh a grade to be presented to any citizen of the United, States. Commissioner General Kelekian was summoned to the capital of his coun- try, Teheran, and from the hands of his ruler in person received the decorations and the imperial commissions or warrants which Crean them, and sailed at once for the United States. He arrived in &t. Louls yesterday, and is a guest at the Washington Hotel.  The Order of the Lion and the Sun, by the conferring of which the World's Fair officials will receive so signal a distinction. is conferred by the Shah upon those of his own subjects who by reason of great ac- compishment in the progress of arts and science, as diplomats or prominent figures in the system of government or by achievements in war, have merited recog- nition at the hands of the ruler. In cer- tain exceptional cases the order has been bestowed upon Ambassadors and special embassies to the Ccurt of Persia from oth- er nations, but it is said that the present instance ig the first recorded that the Shah has sent a personal representative to pre- sent the recognition of merit, and the first time that It has been conferred away from the Imperial residence.  GREAT MARK OF RESPECT.  The order as a whole comprises five de- grees. The first is the Order of the Cheva- lier; the second is the Order of the Officer; the third is the Order of the Commander; the fourth is the Order of the Grand Offi- cer; the fifth is the Order of the Grand Ribbon. To President Francis will be giv- en the badge and ribbon of the Order of the Grand Ribbon. To Director of Ex- hibits Skiff will be bestowed the Order of the Grand Officer. Commissioner General Kelekian, although one of the most dis- tinguished of the Diplomatic Corps of the Shah and with a broad record of accom- plishments as an official of the Govern- ment, wears only the Order of the Grand Officer. and in presenting the honor to President Francis confers upon a citizen of the United States a greater mark of respect of his Shah than he himself bears.  The decoration which is to be presented to President Francis is a broad band of green ribbon, five inches wide, which is to be worn with evening dress from the left shoulder, crossing the breast and un- der the right arm. The jewel of the or- der, which is.a golden emblem bearing the insignia of the order, fastens at the low- er end of the’sash. Mr. SkIff’s jewel !s similar in design, but is not’ worn with a | sash or ribbon. To each will. be present- ed a patent inscribed in Persian. and,  signed by the Shah, which conveys to the | ‘recipients the commission of the Persian Government and an _.expression of the achievements of each as appreciated by the’ Persian Government.,  *  An added distinction te the decoration | | of President Francis Iles in the fact that should he wear the+ins‘gnia in the terri- tories of the Shah, and should pass by a fortress or encampment of the imperial troops. the regulations of the army pro- |? vide that the troops shall be. turned out | | in parade and present arms as the bearer | , of ‘the distinction passes by. :  The ceremoney of presentation will be || made to-both President dese and Di-|- rector of Works Skiff in the office of | , President Francis to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. Commissioner General Kele- | _ kian, will be accompanied by Milton C. |. Seropyan, the Persian Vice Consul to St. | Louls, and by H. Kilekian, secretary to the’ Persian Imperial Commission to the Exposition, and brother of the Commi 1 sioner General. Prominent officials of the | Exposition will be invited-to witness the ; ceremony. . , - ;  — 