Honeymoon Marred by the Bride groom Losing His Pocket- book.  RECEIVES REWARD OF $100 Search for the Purse Proves Unavailing—Couple Had Se- cured More Money and Gone to the Fair.  The carelessness of a bridegroom caused & brief suspension of the honeymoon fes- tivities yesterday, and, instead of going out to the World’s Fair early in the fore noon, as planned the previous evening, Mr. end Mrs. Thomas MacManus of Mexico City, re-enforced by the employes of the Southern Hotel, spent several hours searching for a pocketbook that disap- Peared shortly after their return from  breakfast.  The pocketbook contained $1,000 In cash and a draft for $500, and when Mr. and Mrs. MacManue left the hotel for the World's Fair late in the day, it was given up as lost forever. But, much to his sur- prise, when they returned to the hote! early in the evening, Chief Clerk Ryan handed the pocketbook to Mr. MacManus.  George Beattie, one of the waiters in the dining-room, found the pocketbook, which Mr. MacManus had @ropped tn the lava- tory on the third floor of the hotel, and immediately took it to the office and turned it over to Mr. Ryan. Though it was lost early in the forenoon, it was not found til] about 5 o’clock in the afternoon.  A notice had been posted in the office offering a reward of $100 for its recovery, and every employe of the hotel had spent his spare time searching for it. George Beattie was waiting on a private dinner party on the third floor late fn the after- noon, and going into the lavatory, picked up the pocketbook where Mr. MacManus had dropped it.  Mr. MacManus Ilves in Mexico City, and is a wealthy young man of affairs. His father is a large mine owner and ratiroad magnate, while the young man has ex- tensive interests in several enterprises in Mexico. He passed through St. Louis sev- eral days ago on his way to St. Paul, where he was married two or three days ago, coming to St. Louis with his bride to spend the honeymoon at the World's Pair.  After losing his pocketbook yesterday morning Mr. MacManus cashed a check and, with his bride, spent the day at the Fair. 