—_—$—_$— —  —_ —<——$ een ; : . —————ar Pygmies and Ainus Seek Shelter for Night in Indian School. ‘ RESEMBLES NOAH’S ARK. Savages Insist on Taking Pets From Jungle Homes With Them to Escape Terrors of Lightning.  The Indian School building at the World's Fair, which was converted into an emer- gency hotel last night, to accommodate the several families of Indians, Ainus and pygmies who were driven out of their camps by the heavy rainstorm, resembled a good imitation of Noah's Ark.  Nearly every guest who applied there last night for temporary lodging was uc- companied by some sort of pet animal. The pygmies, with their new biankets tucked under their arms, brought their pet monkey and parrots. The pygmies brought these pets from their jungle home in Africa, and they positively refused to leave them in camp to the terrors of the lightning and wind.  The Patagonian chieftain brought his lit- tle yellow dog, which is the mascot of the Patagonian party. and treated as one of the family. He also refused to register at the hotel without the pet dog.  Other members of Indian families were accompanied by their pet dogs and birds.  Arrangements were made for the ac- commodation of the pet animals in the basement of the school building, and not until thig was done did the strange guests decide to accept the hospitality of Doctor McCowan for the night.  The heavy rain and wind storm of the afternoon and early evening played havoo with the frail-homes of the savage tribes encamped on the Exposition grounds. The tents and homes constructed of brush and tree Hmbs failed to defy the ravages of the storm. Most of them leaked badly and made it impossible for the people to Occupy them last night with any degree of comfort.  Early in the afternoon the canvas tent of the pygmies began to leak badly during the first hard rainstorm, and the little black peopie from the jungle were forced to abandon their abode and seek protev- tion from the rain in the Indian School building, the nearest place of shelter. ,  The Ainus of Japan, whose brush-cov- ered house {is located at the foot of Indian Hill, suffered considerable inconvenience from the storm by the water rushing down the hill into their homes.  They also abandoned their home early Yesterday afternoon and sought safety and comfort at the Indian School. 