Maintenance of Roads and Paths | Transferred From Civil Engi- | neer to Landscape Chief.  . . | New Order Arranged to Relieve | Phillips of Duties Because of Reduced Force—No Dissat- isfaction With Depart- ments.  Changes of moment have been made in the departmental machinery of the Li- vision of Works. The changes pertain to the departments of Civil Engineering and Landscaping and the Division of ‘Trans- portation, and consist ofa transposition of various duties of the first-named de- partment to the province of the two lat- te:.  The maintenance of the roads and path- ways of the World's Fair grounds, under the newly made arrangement has been transferred from the Department of Civil Engineering to the Landscaping De- partment, while the charge of the ter- minal track system of the World's Fair has been given into the keeping of the Division of Transportation, under Director John Scullin.  The changes have not been made be- cause of any dissatisfaction with the con- duct of the work by Chief Richard Vhillips of the Department of Civil En- gineering, but in order to arrange a more equal division of tne work on the physical part of the Exposition.  The pomplevou of the Exposition build- ings and the making of rouds and paths eon the grounds was regarded by the Ex- Position management as an opportune time to inaugurate the changes, as any new roads or paths on the grounds will be regarded as strictly additional works not contemplated in the original scheme of the site.  Requests for the making of such new roads and paths by State and foreign com- missions are of daily occurence and in future they must receive the approval of the chief of the department and the sanction of the Committee on Grounds and Buildings before they may be carried through. °  The transfer of the maintenance of the thirty-six miles of Intramural and ter- minal tracks of the World's Fair to the Division of Transportation has been made because of the slacking up of work on the latter which was such as to impose hardly an adidtional burden on the division and }| at the same time to be a considerable les- sering of the work of the Civil Engineer- ing Department in which the force has been greatly cut down.  The transfer of the work from the Civil Engineering Department will leave in Mr. Phillips's charge the high pressure fire prevention plant, the domestic water sup- By, and the sewerage drain systems on the  xposition site. 