LARGEST FAIR * Charles Wittman, Who Has Vis- ited Al! Expositions, Says St. Louis’s Is Most Magnificent.  * Charles Wittmann of Lucerne, Switzer- land, formerly connected with Simmons Bros. of London, England, manufacturers of oceanic telegraph cables, and recently identified with the German Edison Com- puny at Berlin, Germany, is now in St. Louls visiting the Fair and taking a week's rest in a trip he is making around  the world.  Mr. Wittmann retired from business two years ago and has since spent most of his time traveling In various parts of Europe. He sturted on his present trip around the world July 1, leaving Lucerne on that date. He arrived in St. Louis August 12 and has attended the Fair every day since his arrival.  Speaking of the St. Louis Fair as com- pared with others he has seen, Mr. Witt- man says it Is by far the largest and most magnificent the world has ever produced.  “As an exhibition, however,” he contin- ued, “I do not think it surpasses those of Chicago, Buffalo and Paris. Everything is exhibited on a large scale, but the variety of the exhibition is no greater than that of other world’s fairs.”  During his stay here this time and on previous visits Mr. Wittmann has sttdied American industries and enterprises to a considerabie extent and makes many com- arisons between conditions as*they ¢€xist fr this country and in other countries he has visited. He is especially pleased with the street-car systems of the large cities of the United States, and thinks them su- perior to those of any other country he has visited. St. Louis and Schenectady, he says. have the most complete systems he has had an opportunity of investigat- ing.  One thing in American cities, and espe- claily in St. Louis, that surprises foreign- ers, who expect to find the pe fae ad- vancerent in ail institutions, is, according to Mr. Wittmann, the great number of grade railway crossings. He says Ameri- ean cities are decidedly behind the citics of Europe in providing against accidents and deluys at railway und street cross- ings. 