} | | Five Thousand Citizens of Sun- flower State Attend Celebra- tion at the Fair.  BAILEY LAUDS THE PIONEERS. Governor and Justice Brewer of United States Supreme Court Greet Guests at Re- ception.  Kansas's representation at the observ- ance of its day yesterday was one of the largest that has yet attended such exer- cises at the World's Fair. The day was fn success In other ways, and as a whole the celebration was one of which the Kansas Commission and the citizens in general of the Sunflower State might well  be proud,  Although darkening clouds and a few drops of rain early in the morning caused the Kansans to fear that it would be tm- possible to hold the exercises in the Plaza St. Louls, the sun soon came out, and the weather was all that could be desired.  Of the 20,00 Kansans In tho city, fully a fourth were present at the exercives in the plaza. All of them saw the parade, which was one of the most Interesting features of the celebration. The proces- sion, which was rather a long one, formed at the Kansas building, and was reviewed by President Francis and Governor Batley at the east bandstand in the Plaza St. Louis. The line was headed by the Wash- ington Band of Kans, forty strong, and then came the battalion of United States marines, the Philippine Constabulary Band {n automobiles, and members of the Third Battallon, lowa National Guard.  Following the troops were the carnages bearing; Governor Bailey, President Fran- cis and President Carpenter of the Kan- ras Commission, Others in carriages were the Governor's staff, members of the Kan- sas Commiselon and thelr wives, The Lady Band of Wellsville brought up the rear.  WELCOMES KANSANS.  The formal exercises were held at the re- viewing stand. After the Invocation by the Right Reverend Bishop Millspaugh of Topeka, and music by the Constabulary Band, President Francis made the ad- dress of welcome to the Kansans. He congratulated them upon the State's par- ticipation in the Exposition and spoke of the benefits that would accrue to Kansas for its efforts to add to the success of the World's Fair.  In responding, Governor Bailey thanked Prosident Francis and the Exposition of- ficlals In behalf of Kansas and Kansans for the courtesies that had been extended to them at the I5xposition. The Govern- or give much attention to extolling the virtues of the early Kansas plogieers, He made the point that ‘o‘nce a Kansan, al ways a Kansan,” fn ase | of the num- ber of {ts sons who had made a name for themselves in other landa.  Henry J. Allen of ‘Topeka made a brief address Inudatory of iasieds and its re- sources, and David Overmyer also spoke  A banquet and reception brought the celebration to a close last night in the Kansas building, Governor Bai ey. David J. Brewer, Associate Justice of United States Suprems Court, and several prom- {nent Kansans and their wives being in line. The building was beautifully dec- orated with ferns and Iilacs,  In line, besides Governor Halley and Jus- tice Brewer, were: John ©. Carpenter, president of the commission; Mrs. Car- Vf pelt Senator and Mrs. J. C. Morrow, fr, and Mrs. R. G. Simmons, Mr. aud Mrs. ©. H. Laing: Mr. and Mrs W. P. Waggoner and Mr. and Mrs, B. F. W. Danerfell. 