Major Andrew G. Hammond, Third Cavalry, and Captuin Howze, Assistant Commandants, ‘  _ WILL HOLD BRIEF RECEPTION.  The order in which the carriages con- taining the President and party will pro- ceed is not known definitely, but the Presi- dent will be well toward the head of the. procession, It will be occupled by the President, President VFrancis, Mr. Loeb and probably a Secret-Service man. It is almost certain that Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Roosevelt or any other of the ladies of the party will not accompany. the President on his trip through the grounds and buiid- ings.  The President's programme, in brief, will include a visit to at least four of the principal exhibit buildings; an inspection of the Government building exhibits, where he will hold a brief and very ex- Clusive reception; the review of the mili- tary harade from the steps of the Govern- ment building; lunch on the Feir grounds; a visit to the Philippines; a visit to per- haps twelve of the foreign pavilions; prob- able view of a probable airship flight by Hippolyte Francols; probable view of the kick-off at the start of the .Haskell-Car- lisle football game in the Stadium; dinner at the home of his host; banquet at the Tyrolean Alps, :  ‘The banquet, it is thought, will end the day as cut out for the President by the Exposition committees of Reception and Arrangements, While it is thought that the President may clect to viey the special display of fireworks at the Grand Pasin, the President may elect to view the special ment is to have the President (feel that the- rest of the night is at his disposal as ‘tar ~as any’ officlal programme is cori cerned, = . ete \ ~ At was stated emphatically, atthe Ad- ministyation building yesterday that the exact time at which the President and party would visit any given building or point on the grounds had never been an- nounced, and was not known to anyone outside the members of the President's and the Exposition party, *  TO MEET GOVERNMENT BOARD.  The start on the sight-seeing- tour will be made direct from the siding west of the Transportation building, where the special train of the President will be parked.  The exhibit buildings that probably will be visited by the President and his party are the Liberal Arts, Machinery, Elec- tricity and Agriculture. In each palace he will be received by the chief of the re- spective department exhibit building.  At the Govetnment building, which the President and party will also visit, the entire Government board will be present to receive their chief and distinguished guest. This is the only exhibit building Which will be closed to the public during  | the visit of the chief executive. The board has mads the most elaborate preparation | in expectation of the coming of the Pres- ident, | Hero will occur the oniy reception dur- ing the President’s two-days' stay in St. Louis. In the center of the vast struc- ture, under the statue of Armed Liberty, the Exposition officials, including the Na- tional Commission, Board of Directors, the heads of Exposition departments and the Board of Lady Managers will be pre- sented to the. President in the battleship model which forms a part of the United Stetes naval exhibit.  BANQUET TO END PROGRAMMB. ‘In all the guests who will be presented to the chief executive will number not more than 150. Brigadier General Edmund Rice. Grand Marshal of the Exposition, pons will present the guests to the President.  At the moment of the entry of the presi- dential party into the Government build- ing a company of marines stationed at the battleship medel will greet the Presi- dert with a bugle salute.  Following the reception ceremony, the President will be escorted through each exhibit in the structure by the man re- sponsible for the installation and collection of the exhibit.  The time of the President's visit to the Government building will be after 10 ‘o'elock this morning. and after an in- spection of the exhibits of the building he. with his escort, will proceed to the main portico of the structure, from which he will) review the military parace which passes the building at 11 o'clock, and which will be made uP of nearty all of the military organizations now ‘on the srounds.  His visit to-the Phillppines probably will take place in the afternoon, after he has been received by the foreign commis-ion- ers at their respective national pavilions: The banquet at the Tyrvean Alps. to which about 609 guests have been invited, will begin at 8 o'clock and wiil last an hour ard a half. 