a Exposition Officials , Have Ar- ranged Many Special Amiuse- ments for the Visiters. FRANCOIS MAY MAKE FLIGHT. Band Concerts, Recitals, Football Games, Wild West and Flower Shows Ineluded in Pro- gramme,  As many spectal feutures are on the World's Fair programme for to-day as on any other day since the opening of the Exposition, and, if the weather is favor-  able, a large uttendance Is expected.  Among the particular attractions, apart from the exhibit palaces, the State and foreign buildings, the Phillppine exhibit, the Pike and the regular Exposition events, are the probable ascension of the large Francois airship, the football game between Washington University an] the University of Kansas, the big free Wild West Show to be given in the Live-Stock Forum, Speedy’s high, diving, Lizette’s “leaping the gap,” Kilpatrick's daring bi- cycle ride on the Pike and the final events at the Southern Range Cattle Show and the World's Fair Flower Show.  The. musical programme includes con- certs by the Berlin, Sixth Infantry, Scouts and Constabulary bands and the Exposi- Uon Orchestra; concert by the Concordia Seminary Students’ Chorus, a piano re- cltal, by Irwin Eveleth Hassel of Berlin and an organ recital by G. M. Chadwick of Chicago.  The miltary. part of the day will in- cluue the drills on the Plaza St. Louis by the United States Marincs, drilis and guard mounts in the Phfifppine Reserva- tien by the Scouts and Constabuldry, and guard mount in the Administration Court by the McMillan Rifles of Jackson, Tenn. _The day bas been acsigndted as Railway Club Day, Tyrolean Day and Chidren’s Day and each division has a Special p o- grumme. The members of the railways clubs of the country will assemble on the grounds in the morning and elaborate exercises have been -arranged for the afternoon in the Patace of Transportacion,  As on last Saturday. chid-en, under 1, accompanied by aoults, paying regu.ar ad- missions, will Admitted free.  FRANCOIS MAY BLY.  The great airshlp made by Hippolyte Francois-of Paris, Franee, largest of the aeria] craft at the Exposition, has not made its first flight as yet. Everything ls ready for the ascension and should the Weather be fayorable M Francois will make his trial trip about 2 p. m.  Football enthustists ure -predicting a close game to-day. The University of Kansas team lays claim to beiig one of the best in the State university c ass, and Washington's defeat of the Un.vers.ty of Missouri last Saturaay gives that eleven a high standing.  The Exposition Company has arranged @ great free performance for this aiter- noon It will be in the form of a typical wild west show and the partic pants will include such men and women as Gabriel Bros. of Wyoming. champion long-dis- tance riders of the world; Jackson Bros. of Chadron, Neb., who will illustrate tue trials ana che of the men who car- ried the United States mail across. the continent bdfore the railroails were bu It; Miss Lucillé Mulhall of Oklahoma, and Miss Mabel Good of Texas, in fancy and trick riding, roping, broncho busting and other pastimes. The cattle will be of the  wild range ed el and the horses will be the unbroken bronchos of the plains.  _ Irwin Eveleth Hassell, who is to give a piano recital m Festival Hall in the afternoon, is a pupil of the great Barth of Berlin. and his playing of the most difficult classics has been highly com- mended wh2rever he has appeared. His programme will include the most popular classics. The organ recital at 11:30 a. m., given by G. M. Chadwick of the Union Congregational Chureh, Chicago, on the big Fesuival Hall organ, will include se- lections from the works of Wagner, Schu- mann, Handel and Liszt. Mr. Chadwick is one of the best-known organists of the West and has been prominently connected with the churches of Chicago for several years. ‘  The Concordia Students’ Chorus, com-  posed of 145 male ole from St. Louis, under the direction of John D. arthel, will sing im Festival Hall at 4:3) p. m. Martin Lochner, the accompanist, will be assisted by. Edward H. Rechlin, organist.  To-day is the last day of the great Flower Show and of the Southern Cattle Show. All the beautiful displays made by the Flower Show on previous days will be on view. These include the prize-winning chrysanthemums, orchids. roses, carna- tlons, ferns and many other flowers. None of the beautiful flowers or plunts have been removed and the display will be one of the greatest ever shown in an exhibition of this nature. The exhibits have been gathered from all parts of the country and the arrangement is excel- 